[Setting: Monk's Coffee shop]
(Jerry and Kramer are sitting opposite Elaine at a booth, eating lunch)
JERRY: (To Elaine) Let me ask you a question.
ELAINE: Mm-hm.
JERRY: You're a hostage, captured by terrorists-
ELAINE: (Smiling, chewing) Who, me?
JERRY: You, anybody - whatever. You're in the little room, you're chained to the floor, you're there for a long time.. do you think they would ever consider doing
the laundry?
ELAINE: (Matter-of-factly) They have to, it's in the Geneva Convention.
KRAMER: (Imitating a Turkish terrorist) You! Take off your socks, your pants, your underwear. We're doing the wash. C'mon! Take it off, take it off!
(Jerry and Elaine both laugh at Kramer's impression as George slowly enters. He's in a melancholy state)
KRAMER: Hey, Georgie.
JERRY AND ELAINE: Hi.
(George sits down next to Elaine - opposite Kramer)
JERRY: (To George) What's the matter?
GEORGE: (Slowly shakes his head) My mother caught me.
JERRY: "Caught" you? Doing what?
GEORGE: You know. (All three give him blank stares) I was alone..
ELAINE: (Making a face of surprise) You mean..?!
GEORGE: (Nods) Uh-huh.
KRAMER: (Laughing) She caught you?
(Elaine laughs with Kramer)
JERRY: Where?
GEORGE: (Not really wanting to embellish) ..I stopped by the house to drop the car off, and I went inside for a few minutes.. Nobody was there - they're supposed
to be working. (Jerry and Elaine look at each other - enjoying the story) My mother had a Glamour magazine, I started leafing through it..
JERRY: "Glamour"?
(Kramer and Elaine laugh slightly)
GEORGE: ..So, one thing lead to another..
JERRY: So, what did she do?
GEORGE: First she screams, "George, what are you doing?! My God!" And it looked like she was gonna faint - she started clutching the wall, trying to hang onto it.
KRMAER: (Reflecting on the story so far) Man..
GEORGE: I didn't know whether to try and keep her from falling, or zip up.
JERRY: What did you do?
GEORGE: I zipped up!
ELAINE: (Wide-eyed) So, she fell?
GEORGE: Yeah. (Noticing this makes him out to be the bad kid, he gets defensive) Well, I couldn't run over there the way I was!
ELAINE: No, I guess you couldn't have..
JERRY: (In the middle of Elaine's sentence, smiling) No, I wouldn't think so.
ELAINE: (Finishing it off) ..done that.
GEORGE: So, she fell, and then she started screaming, "My back! My back!" So, I picked her up and took her to the hospital.
ELAINE: (Between chuckles) How is she?
GEORGE: (Somewhat angered) She's in traction.
ELAINE: (Still laughing) Ok, I'm sorry.
GEORGE: It's not funny, Elaine.
ELAINE: (Stifling her laughter) I know. I'm sorry. I'm serious.
GEORGE: Her back went out. She's gotta be there for a couple of days. All she said on the way over in the car was, "Why, George, why?!".. I said, "Because it's
there!"
(Kramer laughs, sipping his drink)
JERRY: "Glamour"?
(Elaine laughs)
GEORGE: (Vowing) Well, I'll tell you this, though - I am never doing.. that , again.
ELAINE: What, you mean, in your mother's house, or all together?
GEORGE: (Definite) All together.
(The next three lines are said at the exact same time)
ELAINE: Oh, gimme a break..
JERRY: (Skeptical) Ohhh yeah.. right.
KRAMER: Oh, like you're gonna stop?
JERRY AND ELAINE: C'mon..
GEORGE: You don't think I can?
JERRY: No chance.
GEORGE: (Daring) You think you could?
JERRY: Well, I know I could hold out longer than you.
GEORGE: Care to make it interesting?
JERRY: Sure, how much?
GEORGE: A hundred dollars.
JERRY: (Pointing) You're on.
KRAMER: (Butting in) Wait a second, wait a second. Count me in on this. (Clicks his tongue)
JERRY: You?
KRAMER: Yeah.
JERRY: You'll be out before we get the check.
ELAINE: (Smiling) I want to be in on this, too.
GEORGE AND JERRY: (Rejecting) Ohh, no. No, no, no..
ELAINE: Why?
JERRY: (Showing difference) It's apples and oranges..
ELAINE: What? Why? (More 'no, no, no's from Jerry and George. Persistent) Why?
JERRY: Because you're a woman!
ELAINE: So what?
JERRY: It's easier for a woman not to do it than a man.
ELAINE: (Sarcastic) Oh.
JERRY: We have to do it. It's part of our lifestyle. It's like, uh.. shaving.
ELAINE: Oh, that is such bologna. I shave my legs.
KRAMER: (Making a point) Not everyday.
GEORGE: Alright, look, you want to be in?
ELAINE: Yeah!
GEORGE: You gotta give us odds. At least two to one - you gotta put up two-hundred dollars.
KRAMER: No, a thousand!
ELAINE: No, I'll - I'll put up one-fifty.
GEORGE: Alright, you're in for one-fifty.
JERRY: (Nodding) Okay, one-fifty.
GEORGE: Alright, now, how are we gonna monitor this thing?
JERRY: Well, obviously, we all know each other very well, (Elaine slightly laughs) I'm sure that we'll all feel comfortable within the confines of the honor system.
KRAMER: Alright. (Holds out his pinkie at the center of the table)
(Jerry, Elaine, and George all hook their pinkies onto his, in a 'pinkie promise', they all pull their hand away, yelling out "Yeah!")
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]
(Jerry's sitting on the couch, eating cereal while George is on the phone with his mother)
GEORGE: (Stern) No, ma, I'm not gonna see a psychiatrist. N- I don't care if you do pay for it! No! Discussion over. Yeah, alright, I'll see you later. Yes, of course
I'm gonna come by. Alright. (Hangs up, slamming it down on the coffee table. He sits down next to Jerry) My mother wants me to see a psychiatrist now. Why?!
Because she caught me? (Scoffs, shaking his head) You know, if everyone who did that had to go see a psychiatrist.. (Laughing, he snorts)
JERRY: (Waits for the rest of the sentence) ..Yeah?
GEORGE: (Defensively) Whatever.
(Intercom buzzes, Jerry gets up to answer it)
JERRY: How is she?
GEORGE: (Shrugging it off) She'll be fine. I gotta go to the hospital to see her tonight.
JERRY: (Answering to the intercom) Yeah?
ELAINE: It's me.
JERRY: Come on up. (Lets her in by unlocking the front door)
GEORGE: Hey, what are you doing tonight?
JERRY: (Opens his door slightly for Elaine) Dating Marla.
GEORGE: Oh, the virgin?
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: Any, uh.. progress, there? What's the latest?
JERRY: Well, I got my troops amassed along the border - I'm just waiting for someone to give me the go-ahead.
(Kramer enters, heading for Jerry's window)
KRAMER: Hey, look at this, c'mere. There's a naked woman across the street.
(George and Jerry quickly join him at the window)
JERRY: Where?
KRAMER: Second floor from the top. (Pointing) See the window on the left?
GEORGE: (In awe) Wow!
JERRY: (Also amazed) Who walks around the house like that?!
(All eyes are glued to the woman)
GEORGE: (Suggesting) Maybe she's a nudist. You know, those nudist colony people..
KRAMER: ..Yeah.. (Pause) yeah.. (Slowly stands up, and walks out Jerry's apartment - leaving Jerry and George with the view, he shuts the door behind him)
JERRY: Hey, let me ask you a question. In these nudist colonies, do they eat naked in the dining room?
GEORGE: I would imagine it's all naked.
JERRY: What about the chamber maids? Are they naked, too?
GEORGE: (Still focused on the nudist) They're naked, the gardeners naked.. the bellhops. (Jerry makes a noise of astonishment) One big nude-a-rama.
(Elaine enters)
ELAINE: Hey.
JERRY AND GEORGE: (Only turning back for a second) Hey.
ELAINE: Well, (Smiling) where's my money? Who caved?
JERRY: (Over his shoulder) Not me.
GEORGE: (Also, over his shoulder) Not me.
ELAINE: What're you looking at?
JERRY: There's a naked woman across the street.
ELAINE: (Smiling, chuckling) This is gonna be the easiest money I've ever made in my life. (Moving on to a new topic) So, my fried, Joyce, is teaching an aerobics
class. I'm gonna go tonight.
JERRY: (Commenting) Yeah.. the - the waitress should've taken it back.
ELAINE: (Realizes Jerry and George aren't paying attention) So then, I got a call this morning. You know, I was, uh, chosen to go on the space shuttle. We're goin'
to Mars.
JERRY: (Still staring at the woman) Uh-huh.
GEORGE: Have a good time.
(Kramer casually enters, takes a few step toward the kitchen, and slaps a wad of bills onto the counter)
KRAMER: (Declaring) I'm out!
(Kramer now has the attention of everyone in the room. Jerry's mouth is open in shock. A moment passes)
ELAINE: What?!
KRAMER: Yeah, I'm out - I'm out of the contest.
GEORGE: You're out?!
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah.. (Notes their reactions) what?
ELAINE: Well, that was fast!
JERRY: Well, it was that woman across the street. (To Jerry) You know, you better be careful, buddy. She's gonna get you next. (Walks out, shutting the door
behind him)
(Jerry, Elaine, and George all look at each other, reflecting)
ELAINE: ..And then there were three.
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Hospital room]
(Estelle is on a hospital bed. George, sitting back in a chair, is visiting her)
ELAINE: I don't understand you. I really don't. You have nothing better to do at three o' clock in the afternoon? I go out for a quart of milk, I come home, and find
my son treating his body like it was an amusement park!
GEORGE: (Stern, trying to shut her up) Ma.
ESTELLE: Don't give me "Ma". It's a good thing I didn't hit the table. I could of cracked my head open.
GEORGE: Ma, people can hear you.
ESTELLE: (Heavy in sarcasm) Too bad you can't do that for a living. You'd be very successful at it. You could sell out Madison Square Garden. Thousands of
people could watch you! You could be a big star!
GEORGE: (Getting up) Alright, Ma, that's enough!
ESTELLE: I want you to go see a psychiatrist.
GEORGE: No! I am not going to see a psychiatrist!
ESTELLE: Why? Why not?! Why won't you go?
GEORGE: (Like a kid) Because I don't want to.
ESTELLE: I want you to go see somebody.
GEORGE: Well, I am not going.
ESTELLE: It's a good thing your father's in Chicago.
(George's cousin, Shelly, enters)
SHELLY: Hello, Aunt Estelle. Look at you - how did this happen?
GEORGE: (Snapping) Is that important, really? What is this, a police investigation? The woman's been through enough. She has to relive the experience now?!
(On the other side of a curtain divider, the silhouette of a shapely nurse can be seen entering)
NURSE: Hi, Denise. Six-thirty, time for your sponge bath.
(The shadow of a patient awakening can be seen)
DENISE: Mmm.. is it six-thirty already? I fell asleep.
(The two women go about preparing the sponge bath. George is visibly affected - breathing heavily, and staring at them through the curtain)
SHELLY: (Seems not to notice what's going on beyond the divider) So, George, what are you doing now? I hear you got some kinda television, writing - thing?
GEORGE: (Slowly backing away, he's not at all committed to the conversation) Yeah.. television.
(The patient, Denise, is trying to get her gown off)
NURSE: Let me help you out with that. Here, just slip it over your head..
DENISE: Oh.. thank you.
SHELLY: (Nodding) Well, it's about time. We thought you were gonna wind up on the street. (As the bath is going on, George is now completely mesmerized)
What is it you're doing, exactly?
(A moment passes. George seems not to have heard his cousin)
ESTELLE: George, you're cousin, Shelly, is talking to you!
(Scene ends)
[Setting: New York Health Club]
(Elaine, dressed for a work-out, is signing forms while talking with her friend, Joyce)
JOYCE: So, when was the last time you took a class?
ELAINE: Oh, it's been a while.
JOYCE: (Overly excited) Are you psyched?
ELAINE: (Fake excitement) Yeah. yeah, I'm really.. psyched.
JOYCE: Well, you're gonna thank me for getting you in here.
ELAINE: Why is that?
JOYCE: (Pointing, she directs Elaine's attention off-camera) See the guy with the dark hair and the red shorts?
(Elaine looks over, and her jaw drops to the floor. Breathless, she turns back to her friend)
ELAINE: (Between breaths) Oh, my God. (Joyce nods) John F. Kennedy Junior's here!
JOYCE: He's gonna be in your class today.
ELAINE: (Still unable to speak right) In my class? John Kennedy's gonna be in my class?!
JOYCE: I can get you a spot right behind him. He has got a great butt.
ELAINE: Yeah. Butt. Butt. Great butt. John-John's butt.
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's car]
(Stationary, Jerry's girlfriend, Marla, and him are making out. After some deep kissing, Marla breaks away)
MARLA: Let's slow it down a little.
JERRY: "Slow it down"?
MARLA: Well, (Reminding him of her virginity) You know..
JERRY: Ah, yeah.. I know.
MARLA: You're okay with that, right?
JERRY: Yeah, yeah.. of course. What, do you think I care about the sex? What kind of person do you think I am? That doesn't mean anything to me. (Faint) I don't
care about that.
MARLA: So, I'll see you Saturday night, then?
JERRY: (Smiling, nodding) Sure, Saturday night.
MARLA: Alright, then. Good night.
JERRY: Goodnight. (She gets out. Jerry leans forward, adding) Not just a good night - a great night. (She shuts the door, he waves)
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's bedroom]
(Jerry, in the middle of the night, is moving around - unable to get to sleep, he's restless. Scene cuts to George. He's wide awake, and staring at the ceiling. Cut to
Elaine. She's settling into bed, unable to get to sleep. The scene takes a final cut to Kramer. He's sound asleep)
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]
(Jerry's in a grouchy mood. Kramer enters)
KRAMER: (Singing) Goood Moorrrnninng!
JERRY: (Out of it) Yeah, good morning.
KRAMER: Ha, ha! Nothing like some good solid sack time. (Turns toward Jerry's window)
JERRY: She's not there. She's doin' her wash.
KRAMER: (Turning back to Jerry) Oh. So, did you make it through the night?
JERRY: (Over the top) Yes, I'm proud to say I did!
KRAMER: So, you're still master of your domain.
JERRY: (Nodding) Yes. Yes I am. (Kramer chuckles) Master of my domain. But I will tell you this: I am going over to (Gestures to the nudist) her apartment, and
I'm tellin' her to put those shades down!
KRAMER: Woah, woah, woah. What-what did you just say?
JERRY: I can't take it anymore! She's driving me crazy! I can't sleep, I can't leave the house, and I' here, I'm climbin' the walls. Meanwhile, I'm dating a virgin, I'm in
this contest - something's gotta give!
KRAMER: Do you hear what you're saying?! Can you hear it?! (Jerry puts on his coat) This is a beautiful woman walking around naked, and you want to tell her to
stop?! That's the dumbest thing I ever heard! I mean, think comprehens- I'm not gonna let you do it.
JERRY: (Persistent) Well, I'm doin' it, get out of my way.
KRAMER: (Stopping him) No, no, no, no. You can't! You can't! This is something that comes about once in a lifetime! When we were boys, looking through our
bedroom windows, we would think: "Why can't there be a woman out there, taking her clothes off?" And now that wish's come true, and you want to (Makes a
noise) throw it away?!
JERRY: Look, I'm sorry-
KRAMER: No, I'm not gonna let you do it, Jerry.
JERRY: Kramer, (Trying to pass him) get outta my way!
KRAMER: (Frantic) No, no, no. Don't do it. Don't do it! For my sake! God knows I don't ask you for much! (Pleading) Now, come on. Please, Jerry. Please! I'm
beggin' ya! Please! (Claps hands) Come on! Please!
(A pause as Jerry thinks it over)
JERRY: Alright.. (Takes his coat off)
KRAMER: Yes!
JERRY: ..Alright.
KRAMER: (Moving to the window) Thank you, thank you, thank you. (Sits in Jerry's chair, looking out the window)
JERRY: She's not there!
KRAMER: Oh, I can wait..
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Monk's Coffee shop]
(Jerry and George are sitting opposite each other in a booth)
JERRY: So the nurse was giving her a sponge bath?
GEORGE: Every night at six-thirty. The nurse was gorgeous.. then I got a look at the patient.. (Laughs, then snorts) I was going nuts.
JERRY: Oh, man. Well, I guess you'll be going back to that hospital.
GEORGE: (Fake sympathy) Well, my mother, Jerry..
(Jerry nods)
JERRY: (Pointing) But are you still master of your domain?
GEORGE: (Arms out) I am king of the county. You?
JERRY: Lord of the manor.
(Elaine enters and sits next to Jerry)
ELAINE: John F. Kennedy Jun-ya!
JERRY: What?
ELAINE: (Smiling) He was in my aerobics class.
JERRY: Really? Did you talk to him?
ELAINE: No, you don't understand - he was working out right in front of me. So, listen, after the class was over, I timed my walk to the door so we'd get there at
the exact same moment, and he says to me, (Thinking the world of what he said) "Quite a workout."
GEORGE: "Quite a workout"? What did you say?
ELAINE: (Smiling, proud) I said, "yeah."
JERRY: (Adding, fake praise) Good one.
ELAINE: So then, listen, listen. So then, I showered and I dressed, and I saw him again, on the way out. (Giddy and nearly out of breath) So we're walkin' and
talkin', and he asked me my name - and I think I said Elaine - but, I mean, who the hell knows.. And so then, he says to me: "Do you wanna split a cab uptown?"
And I said, "Sure" - even though I was going downtown. So, we get in the cab, and I mean, I have no idea where I'm goin', right? But this is John F. Kennedy Junior
we're talkin' about! (Deep breath) So, then, he says to me, "Where do you live?" And I - and I - and I was close to your block, so I said your building. So he
dropped me off in front, (Laughs) and I had to take a cab all the way back downtown to my house.. (Picks up a glass of cold water and presses it up to her
forehead to cool her off) Oh, God..
JERRY: But the question is, are you still master of your domain?
ELAINE: (Sets the glass down) I'm queen of the castle. (Pops a piece of food into her mouth)
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Estelle's hospital room]
(George quickly runs in, turning around - he checks both his watch and the wall clock. He smiles to himself)
ESTELLE: You're back.
GEORGE: Of course I'm back. Why wouldn't I be back? My mother's in the hospital, I'm going to pay her a visit.
ESTELLE: I know, but two days in a row? You didn't have to do this.
GEORGE: You're my mother! What wouldn't I do for you?
ESTELLE: You know what you could do? I haven't eaten lunch or dinner. I can't eat this hospital food. Maybe you could run down to the deli and get me a
sandwich..
GEORGE: (Smiling) You got it, Ma. (She smiles back, nodding) A little later. (George sits back in a nearby chair, looking at the divider in anticipation)
ESTELLE: (Let down) Could you go now, George? I'm very hungry. I'm weak.
GEORGE: Well, wait a little while, Ma. What's the difference?
ESTELLE: I don't understand why you can't do this for me!
GEORGE: (Standing up) I just got here, Ma! I'd like to spend a little time with you.
ESTELLE: But if you wait, they won't let you back in! Visiting hours are almost over!
GEORGE: Ten minutes! Here, here, (Fishes a box of Tic-Tacs out of his coat pocket and tosses them to her) Have some Tic-Tacs.
ESTELLE: Get the hell outta here. (Angrily sets them aside) I'm sorry you came.
(Nurse enters)
NURSE: (To patient) Six-thirty. Time for your sponge bath.
(George eagerly takes his seat, looking up at their shadows on the divider)
ESTELLE: George.. I'm huuunnnggry!
GEORGE: (Muttering, slow) Hang on, Ma.. hang on..
(Scene ends)
[Setting: New York Health Club]
(Elaine, dressed to impress, walks up to the counter. She's obviously looking around for JFK Jr.)
JOYCE: Hi!
ELAINE: Hi.
JOYCE: Did you get your hair done today?
ELAINE: No, I just, uh, fixed it.. a little bit. (Still looking around, she quickly checks her breath)
JOYCE: You know who - isn't here. He was in the early class today. (Elaine looses her composure) But I think you made quite an impression on him yesterday.
ELAINE: (Regarding herself) What? What? Who? Me-me-me? I made an impression? What impression?
JOYCE: Let me just put this back. (Turns to put a stack of shorts away)
(Elaine violently grabs her jacket, pulling Joyce back in her direction)
ELAINE: No! No! Now! Tell me now! What did he say?!
JOYCE: (Uneasy) He asked about you.
ELAINE: (Ecstatic) He asked about me? John Kennedy asked about me?! (Hangs off the side of the counter, both feet in the air) What did he say?
JOYCE: He wanted to know your situation.
ELAINE: (Quick) What situation? I have a situation?
JOYCE: I-I told him you were single.
ELAINE: That was good. That was very good.
JOYCE: He said you were just his type.
ELAINE: (Frank) Okay, you tryin' to hurt me? Are you tryin' to hurt - you're tryin' to injure me, right? You're trying to hurt me.
JOYCE: He also told me to tell you that he'll be in your neighborhood tomorrow around nine o' clock - so he's gonna stop in front of your building if you want to
come down and say hello.
(Breathless, Elaine almost collapses)
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]
(Kramer's at the window while Jerry's on the phone with his mother, watching TV)
JERRY: Alright, Ma, I'll talk to you later.. Nothing, I'm, I'm watching, uh, Tiny Toons here, on Nickelodeon.. It's, I-I like kid shows. They have a very innocent,
wholesome quality. Okay, alright, I'll talk to you later. Bye. (Hangs up)
KRAMER: (Obviously watching the nudist across the street) Oh, that's good. That's good. That's very, very good. Oh, it's hot in there.. (Jerry looks back at
Kramer in envy) It's hot in there. So, just walk around a little bit. Don't be ashamed, don't be ashamed.. that's good, that's good.. yes, yes, yes..
JERRY: (Trying to block out Kramer, he starts to sing along with the TV) The wheels on the bus go round and round, round and round, round and round. The
wheels on the bus..
(Kramer joins in with Jerry, only, he has a different version)
KRAMER: The woman across the street has nothing on, nothing on, nothing on..
(Both Kramer and Jerry continue to sing the two different versions, trying to over ride the other)
(Scene ends)
[Setting: George's room]
(George is wide awake, staring at the ceiling. Scene cuts to Jerry. Once again, he's restless and flings the covers off him. Scene cuts to Kramer - he's out like a light.
The scene takes a final cut to Elaine. Foreshadowing the next scene, she's sound asleep too)
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]
(Jerry and George. They're bickering at each other due to the lack of sex)
GEORGE: All you got is instant coffee? Why don't you get some real coffee?
JERRY: I don't keep real coffee in here, I get my coffee on the outside! (Intercom buzzes. He answers it) Yeah?!
ELAINE: (Through intercom) It's Elaine.
JERRY: (Shouting) Come on up! (Opens his door for Elaine)
GEORGE: Where did you get those socks?
JERRY: I don't know.
GEORGE: I think those are my socks!
JERRY: How are these your socks?!
GEORGE: I don't know, but those are my socks! I had a pair just like that with the blue stripe, and now I don't have them anymore!
JERRY: (Sarcastic) Oh, yeah, that's right, well, you fell asleep one day on the sofa and I took them off your stinkin' feet. They looked so good to me, I just had to
have them!
GEORGE: Yeah, well, they're my socks!
JERRY: They're my socks!
(A brief moment passes as they look at each other)
GEORGE: Oh boy..
JERRY: What are we doing here..
GEORGE: ..Oh boy.
JERRY: This is ridiculous.
GEORGE: Do you believe this? We're fighting. We're fighting.
JERRY: I haven't been myself lately. I've been snapping at everybody.
GEORGE: Me too. I've been yelling at strangers on the street.
(Elaine slowly enters, shutting the door behind her)
ELAINE: Hello.. (Pulls a wad of bills out of her purse, and starts to count it up)
GEORGE: (Shocked) You caved?!
JERRY: It's over?
GEORGE: You're out?
JERRY: Ohh-my-God. The Queen is dead.
(Elaine sets the bills down on the counter)
GEORGE: I figured you'd cruise. At least through the Spring.
JERRY: What happened?
ELAINE: It was..uh.. John-John.
JERRY AND GEORGE: Ohhhhh.. John-John.
JERRY: But you made it through the day before.
ELAINE: Yeah, but yesterday, he told Joyce, the aerobics teacher, that he wants to meet me outside here at nine o' clock tonight.
JERRY: Why outside here?
ELAINE: Because he think I live here. Remember when we shared a cab, and he dropped me off out in front? He's picking me up.
(George picks up the money, counting it)
JERRY: Alright, Costanza - it's just you and me.
GEORGE: And then, (Smacks the money) there were two.
ELAINE: (Slowly) Elaine Benes Kennedy Junior..
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]
(Jerry and Marla are making out on the couch)
MARLA: Let's go in the bedroom.
JERRY: Really?
MARLA: Yes.
JERRY: You sure?
MARLA: Yes.
JERRY: You really want to?
MARLA: I do. I'm ready.
JERRY: Okay..
MARLA: I know how difficult this must have been for you.
JERRY: (Chuckles) You don't know the half of it.
(They both laugh slightly)
MARLA: What do you mean?
JERRY: Well, it's kinda silly, but..
(Scene cuts to Elaine on the sidewalk waiting for JFK Jr. She checks her watch. Scene cuts back to Jerry's apartment. Marla, obviously upset, is putting her coat
on)
MARLA: Contest?! A contest! This is what you do with your friends?
JERRY: No, it was just a bet. I mean, it actually started with George and his mother-
MARLA: I don't want to hear another word. And to think how close I came to you being the one! I must have been out of my mind.
(She leaves, slamming the door. Jerry hangs his head, then directs his attention to his window. Eagerly walking over, he sits in his chair, staring at the woman)
(Scene cuts to Elaine. Marla walks out in front of her, trying to hail a taxi)
ELAINE: Marla? Hi, oh, I'm glad I ran into you-
MARLA: I don't want to have anything to do with you or your perverted friends. (Confused, Elaine moves closer) Ooohh, get away from me! You're horrible.
Horrible! All of you!
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]
ELAINE: What happened?
JERRY: I told her about the contest.
ELAINE: Ohh. Boy, she's a whack-o.
(George enters)
GEORGE: (To Elaine) Hey, what happened?
ELAINE: What?
GEORGE: I thought you were meeting Kennedy.
ELAINE: (Let down) He didn't show.
GEORGE: Yeah, he did.
ELAINE: What? He's - He's out there? Oh, my God. I-I gotta go, I gotta go..
GEORGE: No, no, no. He just left.
ELAINE: What?
GEORGE: Yeah, he was talking to Marla.
JERRY: Marla?
GEORGE: Yeah, I think, you know, she was, like, crying, and he was consoling her, and then, she, uh, just got into his car, and they just drove away.
ELAINE: (Angered) He left with Marla, the virgin?
GEORGE: Yeah.
ELAINE: They drove away?
GEORGE: Yeah, drove away.. You know, I said 'Hello' to him. You know, he's - he's-
JERRY: (Moving to the window, shocked) Oh my God in heaven!
(All three crowd around the window)
ELAINE: (Makes a sound of surprise) Is that..?
GEORGE: Kramer?!
(A brief pause)
ELAINE: He's waving..
(All three wave back)
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Elaine's bedroom]
(Elaine's sound asleep. Scene cuts to George, then Jerry. They too, are sleeping. Scene takes a cut to Kramer and the nudist - both asleep; then a final cut to Marla's
bedroom. She's sleeping with JFK Jr)
MARLA: Ohh, John. That was wonderful..
(Scene ends)
END OF SHOW.
* We see a sad-looking George staring out at the ocean. Then cut to the office of Mr.Lippman, where Elaine and Mr. Lippman are toasting in champagne.
Mr. Lippman : To your promotion.
Elaine : Oh, thank you! ( They drink ) Oh, thank you, Mr Lippman, I can't tell you
how much I appreciate this. I mean, of course I deserve it.
Mr Lippman : Well, you're really on your way now.
* Elaine screams with joy and Mr. Lippman coughs violently.
Elaine : You really oughtta do something about that cold.
* Cut to Monk's
Jerry : You got a raise?
Elaine : I don't fool around, baby!
Jerry : I thought you said Pendant was in financial trouble.
Elaine : They were, but they're being absorbed by Matsushimi, that big Japanese conglomerate.
Jerry : Oh, when did that happen?
Elaine : They're signing the papers next week.
Jerry : Does this mean they're gonna be publishing Kramer's coffee table book?
Elaine : Yeah, they'll definitely do it now.
Jerry : Boy, you're on quite a streak. Job promotion, plus you're back with Jake Jarmal.
Elaine : Yeah, it's gettin' serious, we're talking about moving in together.
Jerry : Boy, you really got it all, I'm sure Helen "Girlie" Brown would be very proud of you.
* Enter George
Jerry : Speaking of having it all ... Where were you?
George : I went to the beach. ( J and E exchange looks )
Jerry : Oh, the beach.
George : It's not working, Jerry. It's just not working.
Jerry : What is it that isn't working?
George : Why did it all turn out like this for me? I had so much promise. I was personable, I was bright. Oh, maybe not academically speaking, but ... I was perceptive. I always know when someone's uncomfortable at a party. It became very clear to me sitting out there today, that every decision I've ever made, in my entire life, has been wrong. My life is the opposite of everything I want it to be. Every instinct I have, in every of life, be it something to wear, something to eat ... It's all been wrong.
( A waitress comes up to G )
Waitress : Tuna on toast, coleslaw, cup of coffee.
George : Yeah. No, no, no, wait a minute, I always have tuna on toast. Nothing's ever worked out for me with tuna on toast. I want the complete opposite of on toast. Chicken salad, on rye, untoasted ... and a cup of tea.
Elaine : Well, there's no telling what can happen from this.
Jerry : You know chicken salad is not the opposite of tuna, salmon is the opposite of tuna, 'cos salmon swim against the current, and the tuna swim with it.
George : Good for the tuna.
( A blonde looks at George )
Elaine : Ah, George, you know, that woman just looked at you.
George : So what? What am I supposed to do?
Elaine : Go talk to her.
George : Elaine, bald men, with no jobs, and no money, who live with their parents, don't approach strange women.
Jerry : Well here's your chance to try the opposite. Instead of tuna salad and being intimidated by women, chicken salad and going right up to them.
George : Yeah, I should do the opposite, I should.
Jerry : If every instinct you have is wrong, then the opposite would have to be right.
George : Yes, I will do the opposite. I used to sit here and do nothing, and regret it for the rest of the day, so now I will do the opposite, and I will do
something!
( He goes over to the woman )
George : Excuse me, I couldn't help but notice that you were looking in my direction.
Victoria : Oh, yes I was, you just ordered the same exact lunch as me.
( G takes a deep breath )
George : My name is George. I'm unemployed and I live with my parents.
Victoria : I'm Victoria. Hi.
* Cut to Jerry's apartment. Jerry is on the phone.
Jerry : Are you kidding? They can't cancel that show on me now, it's too late for me to book anything else for that weekend. Alright, alright ... okay, bye.
( Enter Kramer )
Kramer : Hey. Buddy, it's all happening!
Jerry : What's happening?
Kramer : The coffee table book. It's a go!
Jerry : Oh yeah, I heard all about it.
Kramer : You know what this means? I'm starting the book tour. First stop : Regis and Kathy Lee.
Jerry : You're going on Regis and Kathy Lee?
Kramer : Oh, you better believe it!
Jerry : I'll loan you my puffy shirt.
Kramer : No,no,no.
Jerry : What're you gonna talk about?
Kramer : Well, coffee tables.
( The phone rings )
Jerry : Hello? What? Yeah, sure, I'll do it. I just had something cancelled the same weekend. Ok. Great. Bye.
( Turns to K )
Jerry : You know, life is amazing. I just lost a job and five minutes later get another, same weekend, same money.
Kramer : You know who you are? Even Steven
*Cut to G's car; G and Victoria driving
Victoria : Are you growing a beard?
George : Why shave every day? It just grows right back.
Victoria : I guess ...
George : I'm afraid I'm just not interested in how I present myself. If those kind of superficialities are important to you, this probably isn't gonna work.
( A car cuts in in front of them, G has to make a sudden maneuver )
Victoria : Hey watch, he just cut you off! Did you see that?!
George : Take it easy. Take it easy. It's not the end of the world.
* Cut to the movie theater; two young men are sitting behind G and Victoria
Man no.1 : Hey baby, how about a little tongue action, huh?
Man no.2 : Yeah, stick your tongue down his throat!
( They kick G and Victoria's seats )
Victoria : What are we gonna do? Shall we just move?
George : That won't be necessary.
( G gets up and turns towards the two men )
George : Shut your traps and stop kicking the seats! We're trying to watch the movie! And if I have to tell you again, we're gonna take it outside and I'm gonna show you what it's like! You understand me? Now, shut your mouths or I'll
shut'em for ya, and if you think I'm kidding, just try me. Try me. Because I would love it!
( People applaud as G sits down again )
* Cut to G's car
Victoria : Are you sure you don't wanna come up, I mean, it's only nine thirty.
George : I don't think we should. We really don't know each other very well.
Victoria : Who are you, George Costanza?
George : I'm the opposite of every guy you've ever met.
* Cut to movie theater. Elaine is waiting for someone
Theater Manager : Excuse me, is your name Elaine?
Elaine : Yes.
Theater Manager : Were you suposed to meet a Jake Jarmal here?
Elaine : Yeah.
Theater Manager : Well, I'm afraid he's been in an accident.
Elaine : An accident? What happened?
Theater Manager : He got side-swiped by a cab, but he's alright. He's in St.Vincent
Hospital, room 907.
Elaine : Oh. Ok. Thank you.
( She starts to leave, but changes her mind and goes back to the counter )
Elaine : Could I have a box of Jujyfruit?
* Cut to hospital
Jake : So, then, you know, the light was clearly green, I started walking, he skidded and he went right into my hip.
Elaine : ( With her mouth full of Jujyfruit ) Oh, that is so terrible. That is so terrible, Jake. I mean, how can people be so stupid? Just sickening.
( Jake looks at E eating )
Elaine : You want one?
Jake : No thanks.
Elaine : So when do you think you're gonna get outta here?
Jake : Where did you get those?
Elaine : At the movies.
Jake : Didn't the theater manager give you the message before you went in?
Elaine : Yeah, he did.
Jake : Then when did you get those?
Elaine : Right after ... that ...
Jake : So you heard that I was in a car accident , and then decided to stop off for some Jujyfruit?
Elaine : Well... the counter...was right there, and...
Jake : I would think, under the circumstances, it would have sent you running out the building. Apparently, it didn't have any effect on you.
Elaine : No, no, it does!
Jake : If you got into a car accident, I can guarantee you I wouldn't stop for Jujyfruit!
Elaine : But...Jake...
Jake : I would like to be alone now, please.
Elaine : But, Jake, I didn't...
Jake : Goodnight!
* Elaine is forced to leave. We cut to Jerry's apartment. He's having a poker night.
Man no.1 : Ah, whaddya say we call it a night?
Man no.2 : Good idea, I'm kinda tired.
Man no.3 : How'd you do?
Man no.4 : Won 50.
Man no.2 : Lost 72.
Man no.1 : Won 37.
Man no.3 : Lost 15.
Jerry : Broke even.
* Cut to "Regis and Kathy Lee"
Regis : Can I bring out our next guest now?
Kathy Lee : Please, please.
Regis : Young guy, he's got a new book coming out, and it's about, and this is the best part -
Kathy Lee : I love this.
Regis : It's a coffee table book about coffee tables!
Kathy Lee : Yeah. Is that clever? I think that is so clever!
Regis : I think so too. Did you get to meet him back stage?
Kathy Lee : I did.
Regis : I mean, he looks like a fun guy, doesn't he?
Kathy Lee : I love his hair.
Regis : Yeah, oh, I do too. This guy could be a little bonkos. Really. Anyway, if you will, would you please welcome: Kramer!
( K comes in, kisses Kathy Lee )
Kathy Lee : I don't know, maybe it's the hair or something!
Regis : Kramer. So, a coffee table book about coffee tables. Where did you come up with this idea?
Kramer : Yeah, well, ah, I'll tell you, Regis... actually, this is a true story. I was skiing at the time.
Regis : You know, when I'm skiing, Kramer, I'm trying not to kill myself, and you're writing books!
Kramer : Yeah, well, now you kids don't go out and try that. You stay in school!
Kathy Lee : Have you always had an interest in coffee tables, because, really, I love coffee tables, and I thought I was the only one.
Kramer : You see the beauty of my book is, if you don't have a coffee table, it turns into a coffee table.
( Demonstrates with his book )
Kathy Lee : Is that fabulous?
Regis : Look at this!
Kathy Lee : Is that fabulous?
Regis : Fabulous!
Kathy Lee : I want one of these.
Regis : Did I tell you this guy was bonkos?
Kathy Lee : This coffee table (book) is full of pictures of celebrities' coffee tables.
Kramer : That's true. That's right.
Regis : Yeah? Well, I'm not in there. Where's mine?
Kramer : Oh, it's on file, right here. ( points to his head )
Regis : I'm tellin' ya, this guy's bonkos! He really is!
Kathy Lee : But he's adorable.
( Kramer takes a sip of coffee, then spits it out all over Kathy Lee's dress )
Regis : We'll be right back.
* Cut to Jerry's apartment
Jerry : So it's all over?
Elaine : Yeah, it got pretty nasty.
Jerry : And what did you go back for? Jujyfruit?
Elaine : It's not like I went across the street. I bought the Jujyfruit and I got in a cab.
Jerry : Why didn't you eat it in the cab?
Elaine : Because I got popcorn too, and I ate that first.
( E points to the table )
Elaine : What's all this?
Jerry : Played cards last night.
Elaine : Oh yeah? How'd you do?
Jerry : Broke even.
Elaine : You always break even.
Jerry : Yeah, I know; like yesterday I lost a job, and then I got another one, and then I missed a TV show, and later on they re-ran it. And then today I missed a train, went outside and caught a bus. It never fails! I always even out!
Elaine : Do you have twenty bucks?
Jerry : What for?
Elaine : Just gimme twenty bucks.
( E takes the money and throws it out the window )
Jerry : What the hell was that?
Elaine : Let's see if you get the twenty bucks back.
Jerry : You know you could've thrown a pencil out the window and seen if that came back.
Elaine : You know, things were going so good for me, you know, I got the job
promotion, we were talking about moving in together -
Jerry : Well, maybe next time someone's in a car accident you won't stop off for candy first.
( George comes in )
George : Hey, I just found twenty dollars! I tell you this, something is happening in my life. I did this opposite thing last night. Up was down, black was white, good was -
Jerry: Bad.
George : Day was -
Elaine : Night.
George : Yes!
Jerry : So you just did the opposite of everything?
George : Yes. And listen to this, listen to this; her uncle works for the Yankees and he's gonna get me a job interview. A front office kind of thing. Assistant to the travelling secretary. A job with the New York Yankees! This has been the dream of my life ever since I was a child, and it's all happening because I'm completely ignoring every urge towards common sense and good judgment I've ever had. This is no longer just some crazy notion. Jerry, this is my religion.
Jerry : So I guess your Messiah would be the Anti-Christ.
( George rushes out, J+E follow him. J puts his hand in his pocket )
Jerry : Elaine ... look! A twenty!
Elaine : Oh my God.
* Cut to Mr.Lippman's office
Kramer : Hey boss.
Mr. Lippman : Kramer. Come in.
Kramer : How're you doin' there, big guy? ( Puts his arm around the tobacco store Indian )
Mr. Lippman : Have a seat.
Kramer : What, have you got yourself a cold?
( Mr. L sneezes, K jumps in his chair )
Kramer : Wow, that's quite a honk! Get yourself some vitamin C with rose hips and bioflavenoids.
Mr. Lippman : The reason I asked you in here, is I caught your appearance on "Regis and Kathy Lee" the other day and -
Kramer : It was pretty good, huh?
( New sneeze, K jumps again )
Mr. Lippman : Anyway, the thinking here is that it would be best if you didn't do any more of these shows.
Kramer : Because of the coffee thing?
Mr.Lippman : Kramer, I'm sorry.
Kramer : What about "Sonia Live"? Now you're not cancelling "Sonia Live"?
Mr. Lippman : It's out -
Kramer : She's a doctor, I got a thing for her.
Mr. Lippman : Kramer, I -
( Mr. L sneezes again, K falls out of his chair )
* Cut to Yankee Stadium, and G's job interview
Mr. Cushman : Why don't you tell me about some of your previous job experiences?
George : Alrighty. Ah ... my last job was in publishing ... I got fired for having sex in my office with the cleaning woman.
Mr. Cushman : Go on.
George : Alright, before that, I was in real estate. I quit, because the boss wouldn't let me use his private bathroom. That was it.
Mr. Cushman : Do you talk to everybody like this?
George : Of course.
Mr. Cushman : My niece told me you were different.
George : I am different, yeah.
Mr. Cushman : I gotta tell you, you are the complete opposite of every applicant we've seen.
( Mr. Cushman gets out of his chair )
Mr. Cushman : Ah, Mr. Steinbrenner, sir. There's someone here I'd like you to meet. This is Mr. Costanza. He's one of the applicants.
Mr. Steinbrenner : Nice to meet you.
George : Well, I wish I could say the same, but I must say, with all due respect, I find it very hard to see the logic behind some of the moves you have made with this fine organization. In the past twenty years you have caused myself, and the city of New York, a good deal of distress, as we have watched you take our beloved Yankees and reduced them to a laughing stock, all for the glorification of your massive ego!
Mr. Steinbrenner : Hire this man!
* Cut to Pendant Publishing
Secretary : Tina Robbins is here to see you.
Man : Who's that?
Elaine : Ah, it's my ex-roommate, she moved out four years ago, but I've been sub-
letting my apartment from her.
Man : Alright, see ya. ( Meets Tina in the door ) Hey.
Tina : Please.
Elaine : Hi Tina.
Tina: Hi Elaine.
Elaine : So, I haven't seen you in a while.
Tina : Elaine, we have a problem.
Elaine : Well, what is it?
Tina : You're getting kicked out.
Elaine : Kicked out?! Why?!
Tina : Well, there's been a number of complaints.
Elaine : Yeah? Like what?
Tina : Well, like last Thanksgiving you buzzed up a jewel thief.
Elaine : I didn't know who he was!
Tina : That's why there's a buzzer.
Elaine : What else?
Tina : Well, apparently, the week after that, you buzzed up some Jehova's Witnesses and they couldn't get them out of the building.
Elaine : What else have you got?
Tina : Well, let's see. ( Takes out a list from her bag )
* Cut to Monk's
Jerry : I'll tell you what the big advantage of homosexuality is. If you're going out with someone your size, right there you double your wardrobe.
Rachel : I suppose...
Jerry : Oh, come on, that's a huge feature. When they approach a new recruit, I'm sure that's one of the big selling points.
Rachel : Jerry ...
Jerry : Yes?
Rachel : I've been doing a lot of thinking.
Jerry : Aha?
Rachel : Well, I don't think we should see each other any more.
Jerry : Oh, that's okay.
Rachel : What?
Jerry : Nah, that's fine. No problem. I'll meet somebody else.
Rachel : You will?
Jerry : Sure. See, things always even out for me.
Rachel : Huh?
Jerry : It's fine. Anyway, it's been really nice dating you for a while. And ... good luck!
Rachel : Yeah, you too.
 
* Jerry leaves. Cut to Jerry's apartment
Jerry : The New York Yankees?!
George : The New York Yankees!
Jerry : Ruth, Gehrig, DiMaggio, Mantle ... Costanza?
George : I'm the assistant to the travelling secretary. I'm going on the road trips with them! I'll be on the plane... I'm working in Yankee Stadium! This is a dream, I'm busting, Jerry, I'm busting!
Jerry : I can't believe it.
( The door buzzes, J lets E up )
George : And I' moving out of my parents' house, I'm taking that apartment on 86th street, remember the one we saw?
Jerry : That's a great place!
George : I'm back in business, baby!
Jerry : George, I wouldn't get too excited about this stuff, you know, things have a way of evening out.
George : Hey! ( to Elaine, who doesn't look too cheerful )
Jerry : Hi Elaine.
Elaine : Hi.
Jerry : How're things going?
Elaine : How're things going? You wanna know how things are going? I'll tell you how things are going. I am getting kicked out of my apartment!
Jerry : Why? Why are they doing that?
Elaine : I don't know! They have a list of grievances.
Jerry : The jewel thief?
Elaine : Yeah, the jewel thief.
Jerry : What else?
Elaine : I put Canadian quarters in the washing machine. I gotta be out by the end of the month.
George : Well, you could move in with my parents.
Elaine : Was that the ... opposite ... of what you were going to say, or was that just instinct? ( She squeezes G's mouth between her fingers )
George : Instinct.
Elaine : Stick ... with the opposite. ( Slaps G on the forehead )
Jerry : Elaine, don't get too down. Everything'll even out, see, I have two friends, you were up, he was down. Now he's up, you're down. You see how it all evens out for me?
* Cut to Pendant Publishing
Secretary : Mr. Lippman, the people from Matsushimi are here.
Mr. Lippman : Alright... tell them I'll be right there. Well, this is it, Elaine. You know, without this merger, we'd be out on the street. Boy, they sure saved us.
( Mr Lippman leaves the room, and forgets his handkerchief, which he probably needs because of his cold, and Elaine can't tell him, 'cos she's got her mouth full of Jujyfruit...)
( Mr Lippman goes to meet the Japansese businessmen, then he sneezes, and realizes he doesn't have his handkerchief, but he is forced to meet the Japanese, as they have already spotted him and started talking to him )
Interpreter : Mr Lippman, it is with great pride that we undertake this partnership with your company.
( The Japansese "boss" reaches out his hand to shake Mr L's )
Mr Lippman : I ... I'm sorry, I can't shake your hand right now. It's germs.
( This leads to a loud discussion in Japanese, and we sense a rather hostile atmosphere )
* Cut to George's parents' house
Jerry : Is that the end of it?
George : Yeah, it's the last one.
Estelle : I can't believe you're moving out. ( Grabs Kramer ) Kramer, is this true? Is it really happening? It's ... it's like a dream.
Kramer : Oh, it's true.
George : Alright, let's go.
Frank : Don't get in trouble with the Yankees. You be nice. ( Slaps G's forehead )
George : I'm not gonna be nice. That's how I got the job.
Estelle : Jerry, did you hear this?
Jerry : He knows what he's doing.
( G pulls both his parents to him )
George : I just want the both of you to know how much you mean to me, and I love you both very, very much.
( K and J look at each other )
Jerry : Opposite.
* Cut to Monk's
Elaine : I must've had at least eight in my mouth. I couldn't talk. I couldn't talk!
Jerry : Why'd you have to eat so many?
Elaine : Because they're Jujyfruit. I like them. I didn't know it would start a chain reaction that would lead to the end of Pendant Publishing.
Jerry : Not to mention the end of Kramer's coffee table book.
Kramer : Yeah, you knew he had a cold. How'd you expect him to blow his nose?
Elaine : Do you know what's going on here? Can't you see what's happened? I've become George.
Jerry : Don't say that.
Elaine : It's true. I'm George! I'm George!
( Enter George, dressed in A Yankees suit )
George : Greetings, people. Greetings. Greetings and salutations. What a beautiful day for a ball game. Let's play two! ( Sits down, says to waitress :)
Oh, I'll have the chicken salad on rye, my usual, you know what I get, darlin'. ( Turns to the Gang ) So, let's see, I had a little conversation today with Mr Don Mattingly - he's the first base man. We talked about his new batting stance, you know, I'm not crazy about it, but I said , "Danny, go with it 'till it stops workin'." Donny baseball. He's a helluva guy.
( J and K pay the check )
Kramer : Wait, wait, wait, that's too much. Mine was more than yours.
Jerry : Ah ... let's call it even.
GEORGE: All right. So, what theatre you wanna go to tonight? We got 61st
and 3rd or 84th and Broadway.
JERRY: Which one you wanna go to shmoopy?
SHEILA: You called me shmoppy. You're a shmoopy.
JERRY: You're a shmoopy!
SHEILA: You're a shmoopy!
JERRY: You're a shmoopy!
GEORGE: All right, shmoopies...what's it gonna be? Pick a theater.
JERRY: Uh,..we'll go to 3rd Avenue. So, can you come with us for lunch to
the soup place?
SHEILA: No. You have a good lunch. But I'll meet you back here for the
movie.
GEORGE: Hey.
ELAINE: Hey.
SHEILA: Hi Elaine.
ELAINE: Hi Sheila.
JERRY: All right, then. I'll see you later.
SHEILA: Bye shmoopy.
JERRY: Bye shmoopy.
ELAINE: Okay. We ready to go?
GEORGE: Yes. Please. Please, let's go.
ELAINE: Boy, I'm in the mood for a cheeseburger.
JERRY: No. We gotta go to the soup place.
ELAINE: What soup place?
GEORGE: Oh, there's a soup stand, Kramer's been going there.
JERRY: He's always raving. I finally got a chance to go there the other
day, and I tell you this, you will be stunned.
ELAINE: Stunned by soup?
JERRY: You can't eat this soup standing up, your knees buckle.
ELAINE: Huh. All right. Come on.
JERRY: There's only one caveat -- the guy who runs the place is a little
temperamental, especially about the ordering procedure. He's secretly
referred to as the Soup Nazi.
ELAINE: Why? What happens if you don't order right?
JERRY: He yells and you don't get your soup.
ELAINE: What?
JERRY: Just follow the ordering procedure and you will be fine.
GEORGE: All right. All right. Let's - let's go over that again.
JERRY: All right. As you walk in the place move immediately to your right.
ELAINE: What?
JERRY: The main thing is to keep the line moving.
GEORGE: All right. So, you hold out your money, speak your soup in a loud,
clear voice, step to the left and receive.
JERRY: Right. It's very important not to embellish on your order. No
extraneous comments. No
questions. No compliments.
ELAINE: Oh, boy, I'm really scared!
JERRY: Elaine.
ELAINE: All right. Jerry, that's enough now about the Soup Nazi. Whoa! Wow!
Look at this. You know what this is? This is an antique armoire. Wow!
It's French. Armoire.
JERRY: Ar-moire.
ELAINE: How much is this?
FURNITURE GUY: I was asking 250, but you got a nice face. 2 even.
ELAINE: Huh? Ha. 200. You know, I've always wanted one of these things.
JERRY: He gave you the nice face discount.
ELAINE: Yeah. All right. You guys go ahead.
JERRY: What about the soup?
ELAINE: I'm getting an armoire, Jerry.
JERRY: [in French accent] Pardon.
GEORGE: This line is huge.
JERRY: It's like this all the time.
GEORGE: Isn't that that Bania guy?
JERRY: Oh, no. It is. Just be still.
GEORGE: Whoop! Too late. I think he picked up the scent.
BANIA: Hey, Jerry! I didn't know you liked soup.
JERRY: Hard to believe.
BANIA: This guy makes the best soup in the city, Jerry. The best. You know
what they call him? Soup Nazi.
JERRY: Shhhhh! All right, Bania, I - I'm not letting you cut in line.
BANIA: Why not?
JERRY: Because if he catches us, we'll never be able to get soup again.
BANIA: Okay. Okay.
GEORGE: Medium turkey chili.
JERRY: Medium crab bisque.
GEORGE: I didn't get any bread.
JERRY: Just forget it. Let it go.
GEORGE: Um, excuse me, I - I think you forgot my bread.
SOUP NAZI: Bread -- $2 extra.
GEORGE: $2? But everyone in front of me got free bread.
SOUP NAZI: You want bread?
GEORGE: Yes, please.
SOUP NAZI: $3!
GEORGE: What?
SOUP NAZI: No soup for you! [snaps fingers]
[cahsier takes George's soup and gives him back his money]
ELAINE: What do you mean I can't bring in here? I live here.
SUPER: Its Sunday, Elaine. There's no moving on Sunday. That's the rule.
ELAINE: But I didn't know, Tom. I g -- can't you just make an exception?
Please. I've got a nice face.
SUPER: Tomorrow, okay? You can move it in tommorrow. I'll even give you a
hand, all right?
ELAINE: Ohh! Well, you're just gonna have to hold this for me.
FURNITURE GUY: I'm a guy on the sidewalk. I don't have layaway.
ELAINE: Oh, no...please don't go. Please - please don't walk away.
JERRY: Oh, man. Ohh! This is fantastic. How does he do it?
GEORGE: You know, I don't see how you can sit there eating that and not
even offer me any?
JERRY: I gave you a taste. What do you want?
GEORGE: Why can't we share?
JERRY: I told you not to say anything. You can't go in there, brazenly
flaunt the rules and then think I'm gonna share with you!
GEORGE: Do you hear yourself?
JERRY: I'm sorry. This is what comes from living under a Nazi regime.
GEORGE: Well, I gotta go back there and try again. Hi Sheila.
SHEILA: Hi. Hi shmoopy.
JERRY: Hi shmoopy.
SHEILA: No, you're a shmoopy!
JERRY: You're a shmoopy!
GEORGE: I'm going.
JERRY: Hey, listen, so we'll meet you and Susan at the movie tonight?
GEORGE: You know what? I changed my mind. I, uh, I don't think so.
JERRY: Why?
GEORGE: I just don't feel like it anymore.
JERRY: Just like that?
GEORGE: Just like that.
SHEILA: Boy, he's a weird guy, isn't he?
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hey.
KRAMER: [taking Jerry's couch cushion] Yeah.
JERRY: Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Wha -- what are you doing?
KRAMER: Yeah. Elaine, she has to leave her armoire on the street all
night...I'm gonna guard it for her. I need something to sit on.
JERRY: Well, sit on one of your couch cushions.
KRAMER: Yeah, but this is so nice and thick. Ahoy there!
ELAINE: Oh, Kramer! Thank God. I really appreciate you doing this.
KRAMER: Yeah. Well, you ask for it, you got it.
ELAINE: Do you need anything?
KRAMER: Well, a bowl of muligatawny would hit the spot.
ELAINE: Mulligatawny?
KRAMER: Yeah. It's an Indian soup. It's simmered to perfection by one of
the great soup artisans
in the modern era.
ELAINE: Oh! Who? The Soup Nazi?
KRAMER: He's not a Nazi. He just happens to be a little eccentric. Most
geniuses are.
ELAINE: All right. I'll be back.
KRAMER: Wait a second. You don't even know how to order.
ELAINE: Oh, no. No. No. No. I got it.
KRAMER: No. No, Elaine!
ELAINE: Hey, I got it. Hey. Didn't you already get soup?
GEORGE: No. I didn't get it.
ELAINE: Why? What happened?
GEORGE: I made a mistake.
ELAINE: [laughing]
GEORGE: All right. Well, we'll see what happens to you.
ELAINE: Yeah. No. Listen, George, I am quite certain I'm walking out of
there with a bowl of soup.
GEORGE: Yeah. Hey, let ask you something. Is it just me, or - or do you
find it unbearable to be around Jerry and that girl?
ELAINE: Oh, I know! It is awful!
GEORGE: Why do they have to do that in front of people?
ELAINE: I don't know.
GEORGE: What is that with the shmoopy?
ELAINE: Ohh!
GEORGE: The shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy, shmmopy, shmoopy!
ELAINE: Ohh! Stop it! I know.
GEORGE: I had to listen to a five minute discussion on which one is
actually called shmoopy.
ELAINE: Ugh!
GEORGE: And I cancelled plans to go to the movies with them tonight.
ELAINE: You know, we should say something.
GEORGE: You know, we absolutely should.
ELAINE: I mean, why does he do that? Doesn't he know what a huge turnoff
that is?
GEORGE: I don't know. He can be so weird sometimes.
ELAINE: Yeah.
GEORGE: I still haven't figured him out.
ELAINE: No. Me neither.
GEORGE: All right. Shh! I gotta focus. I'm shifting into soup mode.
ELAINE: Oh, God!
GEORGE: Good afternoon. One large crab bisque to go. Bread. Beautiful.
SOUP NAZI: You're pushing your luck little man.
GEORGE: Sorry. Thank you.
ELAINE: Hi there. Um, uh -- [drumming on countertop] Oh! Oh! Oh! One
mulligatawny and, um....
what is that right there? Is that lima bean?
SOUP NAZI: Yes.
ELAINE: Never been a big fan. [coughing] Um..you know what? Has anyone ever
told you you look exactly like Al Pacino? You know, " Scent Of A Woman."
Who-ah! Who-ah!
SOUP NAZI: Very good. Very good.
ELAINE: Well, I --
SOUP NAZI: You know something?
ELAINE: Hmmm?
SOUP NAZI: No soup for you!
ELAINE: What?
SOUP NAZI: Come back one year! Next!
RAY: Look at this.
BOB: It's an antique.
RAY: It's all hand made and I love the in-lay.
BOB: Yes. Yes. me, too. Ay, it's gorgeous. Completely. Pick it up. No. No.
Pick it up from the bottom over there.
KRAMER: Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. What are you doing?
BOB: What does it look like we're doing? We're taking this.
KRAMER: You can't take this. This belongs to a friend of mine.
BOB: Look, you wanna get hurt?
KRAMER: Huh?
BOB: I don't think you wanna get hurt. Because if you wanna get hurt I can
hurt you. Now, just back off.
RAY: Bob.
BOB: Just pick it up.
KRAMER: What is this, huh?
BOB: You have some kind of problem here? What is it you not understanding?
We taking the armoire and that's all there is to it. Okay?
ELAINE: I mean, is he allowed to do this? It's discrimination! I'm gonna
call the states' attorney office. I really am.
GEORGE: Oh, this is fabulous. My God Elaine, you have to taste this.
ELAINE: All right. All right. Give me a tsate. Mmm! Oh God, I gotta sit
down. What happened? Where's my armoire?
KRAMER: Well, b -- it was stolen.
ELAINE: Wha--?
KRAMER: These street toughs, they robbed me.
ELAINE: Street toughs took my armoire?
KRAMER: Yeah. It was very frightening. My life was in danger. You should've
seen the way they talked to me.
ELAINE: I can't believe this!
KRAMER: Well, where's the soup?
 
ELAINE: Wha -- the Soup Nazi threw me out.
 
KRAMER: Oh...yeah!
 
JERRY: What are you gonna get?
 
SHEILA: I'll decide at the last minute.
 
JERRY: You better decide, sister. You're on deck. Sheila!
 
[Soup Nazi pounding on countertop]
 
JERRY: Uh-oh.
 
SOUP NAZI: Hey, what is this? You're kissing in my line? Nobody kisses in
 
my line!
 
SHEILA: I can kiss anywhere I want to.
 
SOUP NAZI: You just cost yourself a soup!
 
SHEILA: How dare you? Come on, Jerry, we're leaving. Jerry?
 
JERRY: Do I know you?
 
ELAINE: So, essentially, you chose soup over a woman?
 
JERRY: It was a bisque.
 
ELAINE: Yeah. You know what I just realized? Suddenly, George has become
 
much more normal than you.
 
JERRY: Really?
 
ELAINE: Yeah. Come on. I mean, think about it. He's engaged to be married.
 
Your top priority is soup.
 
JERRY: Have you tastes the soup?
 
ELAINE: Yeah. All right. You made the right decision.
 
JERRY: See, the way I figure it, it's much easier to patch things up with
 
Sheila than with the Soup Nazi.
 
JERRY: Hey.
 
KRAMER: Yeah.
 
ELAINE: Hey.
 
KRAMER: Yeah.
 
JERRY: Oh, thanks.
 
ELAINE: There he is.
 
KRAMER: Elaine, I'm really sorry about the armoire.
 
ELAINE: Yeah. I know. Me, too.
 
JERRY: So, did these thieves want any money?
 
KRAMER: No.
 
JERRY: They just wanted the armoire?
 
KRAMER: Yeah. They were..quite taken with it.
 
[interom buzzes]
 
JERRY: Yeah?
 
GEORGE: Hup! Hup!
 
JERRY: Hey, have you noticed George is acting a little strange lately?
 
ELAINE: No. In what way?
 
JERRY: I don't know. A lot of attitude, like he's better than me, or
 
something.
 
ELAINE: I don't think George has ever thought he's better than anybody.
 
GEORGE: Hello.
 
JERRY: Hello.
 
KRAMER: Hey.
 
GEORGE: Hello.
 
ELAINE: Hello.
 
GEORGE: Were you just talking about me? What's going on?
 
JERRY: Absolutely not.
 
GEORGE: Something's going on here.
 
KRAMER: All right, [claps hands] I'm gonna go get some soup.
 
ELAINE: One of these days that guy is gonna get his.
 
GEORGE: So, how was the movie?
 
JERRY: Aw, we didn't go. Sheila and I are kind of on the outs.
 
GEORGE: Oh, yeah?
 
JERRY: Yeah. Wha - wha - what are you, happy?
 
GEORGE: Happy? Why should I be happy?
 
JERRY: I don't know, but you look like you're happy.
 
GEORGE: Why should I care?
 
JERRY: You can't fool me. Don't insult me, George because I know when
 
you're happy.
 
GEORGE: All right. I am happy, and I'll tell ya why -- because the two of
 
you were making me and every one of your friends sick! Right, Elaine?
 
[Elaine sneaks out of Jerry's apartment]
 
JERRY: Is that so?
 
GEORGE: Yeah. Yeah. With all that kissing and the shmoopy, shmoopy,
 
shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy out in public like that. It's disgusting!
 
JERRY: Disgusting?
 
GEORGE: People who do that should be arrested.
 
JERRY: Well, I guess I have all the more reason to get back with her.
 
GEORGE: Ye - yeah. And we had a pact, you know.
 
JERRY: What?
 
GEORGE: You shook my hand in that coffee shop.
 
JERRY: You're still with the pact?
 
GEORGE: Mmm-hmm. You reneged.
 
JERRY: All I did was shake your hand.
 
GEORGE: Ah-ha!
 
KRAMER: And then they just ran off with the armoire, just like that.
 
SOUP NAZI: Ohh! This city.
 
NEWMAN: One large jambalaya, please.
 
SOUP NAZI: So, continue.
 
KRAMER: Well, my friend is awful disappointed is all. You know, she's very
 
emotional.
 
NEWMAN: Thank you. [inhaling deeply] Jambalaya!
 
SOUP NAZI: All right, now listen to me. You have been a good friend. I have
 
an armoire in my basement. If you want to pick it up, you're welcome
 
to it. So, take it, it's yours.
 
KRAMER: How can I possibly thank you?
 
SOUP NAZI: You are the only one who understands me.
 
KRAMER: You suffer for your soup.
 
SOUP NAZI: Yes. That is right.
 
KRAMER: You demand perfection from yourself, from your soup.
 
SOUP NAZI: How can I tolerate any less from my customer?
 
CUSTOMER: Uh, gazpacho, por favor.
 
SOUP NAZI: Por favor?
 
CUSTOMER: Um, I'm part Spanish.
 
SOUP NAZI: Adios muchacho!
 
KRAMER: Git.
 
JERRY: It was stupid of me.
 
SHEILA: Well, it was very insulting.
 
JERRY: No. I know. I - I was really sort of half-kidding.
 
SHEILA: Well, behind every joke there's some truth.
 
JERRY: What about that Bavarian cream pie joke I told you? There's no truth
 
to that. Nobody with a terminal illness goes from the United States
 
to Europe for a piece of Bavarian cream pie and then when they get
 
there and they don't have it he says " Aw, I'll just have some
 
coffee." There's no truth to that.
 
SHEILA: Well, I guess you're right.
 
JERRY: So, am I forgiven, shmoopy?
 
SHEILA: Yes, shmoopy.
 
JERRY: Aw!
 
SUSAN: Hey, Jerry!
 
JERRY: Oh, hi Susan, George. You remember Sheila.
 
GEORGE: Oh, yes. Hello.
 
SHEILA: Hello. Won't you join us?
 
GEORGE: No, thanks.
 
SUSAN: Of course.
 
GEORGE: Yes. Well -- So, uh, sit on the same side at a booth, huh?
 
JERRY: Yeah. That's right. You got a problem?
 
GEORGE: I, uh, just think it's a little unusual. Two people to sit on one
 
side...and leave the other side empty.
 
JERRY: Well, we're changing the rules.
 
GEORGE: Ahh. Good for you.
 
SUSAN: Aw, what are you getting George?
 
GEORGE: I don't know, honey. What do you want to get? [in babying voice] I
 
want you to get anything you want...'cause I love you so much. I
 
want you to be happy. Okay, sweetie?
 
SUSAN: Oh, George, you're so sweet.
 
GEORGE: Well, I could be a little sweetie tweetie weetie weetie.
 
SUSAN: Aww!
 
JERRY: What about you, shmoopy? How 'bout a little tuna? You want a little
 
tuna fishy?
 
SHEILA: Yeah.
 
JERRY: Yum yum little tuna fishy?
 
GEORGE: Come here.
 
[George & Susan begin making out; Jerry & Sheila begin making out in order
 
to keep up]
 
KRAMER: And..voila!
 
ELAINE: [gasps]
 
KRAMER: Yeah.
 
ELAINE: Oh! Oh, I love it! I absolutely love it!
 
KRAMER: Yeah. Did the K Man do it or did the K Man do it?
 
ELAINE: The K Man did it!
 
KRAMER: Yeah!
 
ELAINE: [laughing] How much did you pay for this thing?
 
KRAMER: How 'bout zero?
 
ELAINE: What?
 
KRAMER: Yeah.
 
ELAINE: What? Who's was it? Where'd you get it?
 
KRAMER: I'll tell ya where I got it. I got it from the guy you so callously
 
refer to as the Soup Nazi.
 
ELAINE: Get out!
 
[Elaine pushes on Kramer's chest, causing in to fall backwards through her
 
swinging door]
 
ELAINE: The Soup Nazi gave it to you?
 
KRAMER: Yeah.
 
ELAINE: Why?
 
KRAMER: Well, I told him the whole story and he just let me have it. Wha --
 
Yeah. He's a wonderful man.
 
ELAINE: [gasps]
 
KRAMER: Yeah. Well, a little bit misunderstood but, uh....
 
ELAINE: Well, I'm just gonna go down there and personally thank him. I
 
mean, I had this guy all wrong. This is wonderful!
 
KRAMER: Yeah. Well, he's a dear.
 
GEORGE: How much tip do you leave on $8.15?
 
SUSAN: You know sweetie, I just want you to know that I was so proud of you
 
today expressing your feelings so freely in front of Jerry and all.
 
Just knowing that you're not afraid of those things is such a great step
 
forward in our relationship.
 
GEORGE: Huh?
 
SUSAN: [in babying voice] Because you love your little kiki don't you?
 
CUSTOMER: How is he today?
 
BANIA: I think he's in a good mood.
 
ELAINE: Hi. You know, Kramer gave me the armoire and it is so beautiful.
 
I'm mean, I just can't tell you how much I appreciate it.
 
SOUP NAZI: You? If I knew it was for you, I never would have given it to
 
him in the first place! I would have taken a hatchet and smashed it
 
to pieces! Now, who wants soup? Next! Speak up!
 
JERRY: I'm heading over to Elaine's.
 
KRAMER: Oh. Jerry, those are the guys that mugged me for the armoire.
 
JERRY: Those two?
 
KRAMER: Yeah.
 
JERRY: Are you sure?
 
KRAMER: Yeah. That's them.
 
JERRY: Well, let's confront 'em.
 
KRAMER: No. No. No. No. Let's get a cop.
 
JERRY: There's no cops around. They're gonna leave. Come on.
 
KRAMER: No!
 
JERRY: Let's go.
 
BOB: Oh, wow look, that one is gorgeous. I would just kill for that one.
 
RAY: Oh, not in blue. Blue does not go with all.
 
BOB: Oh, please. Do you know what you're talking about? Because I don't
 
think you know what you're talking about. Take a look at that.
 
KRAMER: Excuse me.
 
RAY: Are you talking to me?
 
KRAMER: Uh, well, uh, we --
 
RAY: I said, are you talking to me?
 
BOB: Well, maybe, he was talking to me. Was you talking to him? Because you
 
was obviously talking to one of us. So what is it? Who?! Who was you
 
talking to?!
 
KRAMER: Well, wha -- I, uh -- uh, we were kind of, uh, talking to each
 
other, weren't we?
 
[Jerry & Kramer turn around and run away]
 
ELAINE: I mean, you know, I've never been so insulted in my entire life.
 
There's something really wrong with this man. He is a Soup Nazi.
 
What? What is that?
 
JERRY: I don't know. " 5 cups chopped Porcine mushrooms, half a cup of
 
olive oil, 3 pounds of celery, chopped parsley..."
 
ELAINE: Let me see this. [gasps] You know what this is? This is a recipe
 
for soup, and look at this. There are like thirty different recipes.
 
These are his recipes!
 
JERY: So?
 
ELAINE: So? So, his secret's out. Don't you see? I could give these to
 
every restaurant in town. I could have 'em published! I could - I could
 
drop fliers from a plane above the city.
 
JERRY: Wait a second, Elaine. Where do you think you're going?
 
ELAINE: What do you care?
 
JERRY: Elaine, I don't want you causing any trouble down at that soup
 
stand. I happen to love that soup.
 
ELAINE: Get out of my way, Jerry.
 
JERRY: Elaine, let the man make his soup!
 
ELAINE: Don't make me hurt you, Jerry.
 
SUSAN: Look, they have it in blue...for my baby bluey. Are you my baby
 
bluey?
 
GEORGE: Oh, yes. I - I'm your baby bluey.
 
JERRY: Well. Well.
 
SUSAN: Hi, Jerry.
 
JERRY: Hey, Susan, George.
 
SUSAN: You know, I really like Sheila a lot.
 
JERRY: Oh, really?
 
SUSAN: Mmm-hmm.
 
JERRY: Because we're kind of not seeing each other anymore.
 
SUSAN: Oh, no! That's too bad.
 
JERRY: Yeah. Well, she was very affectionate - which I love. You know I
 
love that - but mentally, we couldn't quite make the connection.
 
GEORGE: Really?
 
JERRY: Yeah. Too bad, 'cause you gotta have the affection - which you
 
obviously have. I think it's great that you're so open with your
 
affections in public. See, we had that.
 
SUSAN: Mmm-hmm.
 
GEORGE: You did?
 
JERRY: Oh, yeah. But the mental thing. But anyway. I'll see ya.
 
GEORGE: Yeah. See ya.
 
SOUP NAZI: Go on! Leave! Get out!
 
WOMAN: But I didn't do anything.
 
SOUP NAZI: Next!
 
ELAINE: Hello.
 
SOUP NAZI: You. You think you can get soup? Please. You're wasting
 
everyone's time.
 
ELAINE: I don't want soup. I can make my own soup. " 5 cups chopped Porcine
 
mushrooms, half a cup of olive oil, 3 pounds celery."
 
SOUP NAZI: That is my recipe for wild mushroom.
 
ELAINE: Yeah, that's right. I got 'em all. Cold cucumber, corn and crab
 
chowder, mulligatawny.
 
SOUP NAZI: Mulliga...tawny?
 
ELAINE: You're through Soup Nazi. Pack it up. No more soup for you. Next!
 
NEWMAN: [panting] Jerry! Jerry! Jerry!
 
JERRY: What is it?
 
NEWMAN: Something's happened with the Soup Nazi!
 
JERRY: Wha - wha - what's the matter?
 
NEWMAN: Elaine's down there causing all kinds of commotion. Somehow she got
 
a hold of his recipes and she says she's gonna drive him out of business!
 
The Soup Nazi said that now that his recipes are out, he's not
 
gonna make anymore soup! He's moving out of the country, moving to Argentina! No
more soup, Jerry! No more soup for any of us!
 
JERRY: Well, where are you going?
 
NEWMAN: He's giving away what's left! I gotta go home and get a big pot!
% The scene opens with George dropping off his date for the night. She
% obviously has had a wonderful evening...
 
 
Allison: I don't want to *live*! I don't want to *live*!
George: Because of me? You must be joking! Who wouldn't want to live because
of me? I'm nothing!
Allison: No... You're *something*.
George: You can do better than me. You could throw a dart out the window and
hit someone better than me. I'm no good!
Allison: You're good. You're *good*!
George: I'm bad. I'm *bad*!
Allison: You're *killing* me!
 
 
% We cut to Monk's where G+J+E are dining (it being a diner, and all). Jerry
% is over making a phone call while G+E talk at the table.
 
 
George: So what could I do? I couldn't go through with it. She threatened
to kill herself.
Elaine: Over you?
George: Yes. Why, is that so inconceivable?
 
 
% Er, George, I don't think that word means what you think it means...
 
 
% Cut to Jerry who is over at the phone trying to get Sharon Leanord at NYU.
% Meanwhile, Elaine and George exchange thoughts on what they got Jerry for
% his birthday.
 
 
George: I got two tickets to see "Guys And Dolls".
Elaine: I got him a two-line phone.
 
 
% Jerry returns to the booth and explains the phone call.
 
 
Jerry: Unbelievable! She's not there.
George: What paper does she write for?
Jerry: The works for the NYU school newspaper. She's a grad student in
journalism. Never been to a comedy club. Never even seen me, has
no idea who I am.
Elaine: Never even seen you? Gotta kinda envy that...
Jerry: Y'know, you've been developing quite the acid-tongue lately...
Elaine: [Proudly] Really?
 
 
% The camera pans out some so that we can see the three at their table and
% a girl sitting with her back to George at the next table. She starts to
% become interested in what the people behind her are talking about as Elaine
% pops the following philosophical dilemma to her companions:
 
 
Elaine: Hey, who do you think is the most unattractive world leader?
Jerry: Living or all time?
Elaine: All time.
Jerry: Well, if it's all time, then there's no contest. It begins and ends
with Brezhnev.
Elaine: I dunno. You ever get a good look at DeGaulle?
George: Lyndon Johnson was uglier than Degaulle.
Elaine: I got news for you. Golda Meir could make 'em all run up a tree.
 
 
% Elaine notices the woman sitting behind George is eavesdropping on their
% conversation and discreetly alerts J+G. She decides to add some spice to
% the conversation. The makes sure to say it loud enough so that the spy
% at the next table is sure to hear...
 
 
Elaine: Y'know, just because you two are homosexuals, so what? I mean you
should just come out of the closet and be openly gay already.
 
 
% Jerry rolls his eyes and turns away in disbelief while George on the other
% hand addresses Jerry directly:
 
 
George: So, whaddya say? You know you'll always be the only man I'll ever love.
Jerry: [indignantly] What's the matter with you?
George: [quietly] C'mon, go along...
Jerry: I'm not goin' along. I can just see you in Berlin in 1939 goose-
stepping past me: "C'mon Jerry, go along, go along..."
 
 
% Elaine dismisses Jerry as a big poop for not playing along, and Jerry raises
% a topic while the eavesdropper gets up and goes to make a phone call.
 
 
Jerry: Y'know I hear that all the time.
Elaine: Hear what?
Jerry: That I'm gay. People think I'm gay.
Elaine: Yeah, you know people ask me that about you, too.
Jerry: Yeah, 'cuz I'm single, I'm thin and I'm neat.
Elaine: And you get along well with women.
George: I guess that leaves me in the clear...
 
 
% Meanwhile over at the phone booth, the eavesdropper reveals that she is one
% Sharon Leonard and she's calling the newspaper that she got to the diner
% late and missed out on meeting up with Jerry. As she's hanging up, George
% and Jerry make a trip to the bathroom (have two guys ever actually gone to
% the bathroom together? Hmmmm...)
 
 
% We switch back to Jerry's apartment. Jerry's unpacking groceries (no cereal
% to be seen) and George comes in.
 
 
George: I just thought of a great name for myself, if I ever become a porno
actor.
Jerry: Oh yeah, what? "Buck Naked"?
George: Yeah, how did you know that?
Jerry: You told me that already like two months ago.
 
 
% George is obviously disappointed that his name didn't go over "bigger" and he
% gets Jerry's opinion on a tres-gauche shirt. Jerry is less than impressed.
 
 
George: Allison bought it for me.
Jerry: How you gonna get out of *that* one?
George: I dunno. I guess I have to wait for her to die.
 
 
% Sharon buzzes and comes up to Jerry's apartment. George decides to stay.
% There's a knock at the door and when Jerry answers it, the two decide if
% they've ever met before. It's pretty obvious Sharon remembers Jerry and
% George as that "funny" couple from Monk's. Jerry hasn't placed her face,
% however. Sharon is introduced to George and...
 
 
Jerry: He's gonna hang around if that's alright with you?
Sharon: Sure, I'd like to talk to him, too.
 
 
% Sharon asks Jerry if he does anything besides stand-up and when Jerry replies
% that he and George are doing a pilot for NBC, Sharon says "oh, so you also
% work together." which seems to puzzle Jerry a bit. Before another question
% can be asked, George has helped himself to some fruit...
 
 
George: Jerry did you wash this pear?
Jerry: Yeah, I washed it.
George: It looks like it hasn't been washed.
Jerry: So *wash* *it*.
George: You hear the way he talks to me?
Sharon: You should hear how *my* boyfriend talks to me...
 
 
% Again, Jerry seems confused as to what Sharon is saying. Something's not
% quite right... But, before another question can be asked, again George
% has a question-- this time for Sharon...
 
 
Geroge: Let me ask you something. What do you think of this shirt?
Sharon: It's nice.
George: Jerry said he didn't like it.
Jerry: I didn't say I didn't like it. I said it was O.K...
George: No, you said you didn't like it...
Jerry: Oh, so what if I don't like it. Is that like the end of the world, or
something?
 
 
% Bombardier... Open bomb doors. The big one is about to be dropped...
 
 
Sharon: So how did you two meet?
Jerry: Actually, we met in the gym locker room.
George: Yeah. Actually it was in gym class. I was trying to climb the ropes
and Jerry was spotting me. I kept slipping and burning my thighs and
then finally I slipped and fell on Jerry's head. We've been close ever
since.
 
 
% George takes a hold of Jerry's leg to stress the point and Sharon, who
% obviously thinks she has a real story here now, asks another question:
 
 
Sharon: Do you guys live together?
Jerry: [quizzically] Live together?
George: No, I got my own place.
 
 
% Jerry is about *this* close (picture my thumb and forefinger *really* close
% together) to figuring out what is going on here, when the "question fatale"
% is asked:
 
 
Sharon: And do your parents know?
Jerry: Know *what*?
George: My parents? They don't know *what's* goin' on...
 
 
% It's at this point, I *swear* I heard a big clunk noise in Jerry's head as
% his eyes light up like sunbeams. Sherlock Seinfeld has solved the mystery.
% (Actually, since he took so long to figure it out he's probably closer to
% Encyclopedia Brown than Sherlock Holmes, but I'll give him the benefit of
% the doubt. Heck, it usually took the guys on "Three's Company" 25 minutes
% to figure out something this complex...)
 
 
Jerry: Oh God, you're that girl in the coffee shop that was eavesdropping on
us. I *knew* you looked familiar!
 
 
% All three rise from the couch and a rather excited J+G try to explain things
% to a very confused reporter.
 
 
Jerry: There's been a big misunderstanding here! We did that whole thing
for your benefit. We knew you were eavesdropping. That's why my
friend said all that. It was on purpose! We're not gay! Not that
there's anything wrong with that...
George: No, of course not...
Jerry: I mean that's fine if that's who you are...
George: Absolutely...
Jerry: I mean I have many gay friends...
George: My *father* is gay...
 
 
% But alas, our heroes pleas for help have fallen upon deaf ears...
 
 
Sharon: Look, I know what I heard.
Jerry: It was a *joke*...
George: Look, you wanna have sex right now? Do want to have sex with me right
now? Let's go! C'mon, let's go baby! C'mon!
 
 
% Not that that approach was going to work, or anything, but what minute chance
% they had of convincing her is blown away as the door bursts open and:
 
 
Kramer: Hey, C'mon! Let's go! I thought we were going to take a steam!
George: No!
Jerry: No steam!
Kramer: Well I don't want to sit there naked all by myself!
 
 
% We fast forward a couple of hours and Jerry and Elaine are talking in the
% apartment. Elaine offers to talk to her and Jerry reveals that he has
% convinced her to "think about it" before she prints anything in the NYU
% paper. And, for some unknown reason, Elaine refuses to take her jacket
% off. Kramer enters, graceful as always.
 
 
Kramer: Happy birthday paruba!
Jerry: Today's not my birthday.
Kramer: Well, I beg to differ...
 
 
% Kramer convinces Jerry it's his birthday and, after Elaine refuses to take
% her jacket off again, Kramer presents the big guy with his present.
 
 
Jerry: Look at this! A phone! A two-line phone!
 
 
% Elaine can be seen mouthing the word "sh*t" and is, for some reason, not
% impressed with the gift. She picks up her purse to leave (good thing she
% didn't take off that jacket...):
 
 
Jerry: Hey, where you going?
Elaine: I gotta go return something...
 
 
% Kramer goes to his apartment and Jerry calls him to try out the phone. And,
% as luck would have it, a call comes in on the other line.
 
 
Sharon: Jerry, it's Sharon from NYU. I'm just calling to tell you that I'm not
going to play up that angle we talked about and I'm sorry.
Jerry: Thank you very much, that's great- >click< Oh! Hold on a sec, I got
a call on the other line. >click click< Hello?
George: Hey.
Jerry: Hey, how ya doin'? Y'know I got that reporter from the newspaper on
the other line.
George: So, what did she say?
Jerry: She says she's not going to play up that angle of the story. She
thinks we're heterosexual. [sarcastically] I guess we *fooled* her.
I'll get rid of her, hold on... >click click< Sharon? Hello? Sharon,
are you there? >click click< I'm back...
George: Y'know... I could hear you on the other line...
Jerry: What are you talkin' about?
George: I heard what you said: "Sharon, are you there?".
Jerry: You heard me talkin' on the other line, are you sure?
George: Yes, I heard you!
Jerry: Well, maybe she was disconnected.
George: Maybe she wasn't! Maybe she heard the whole conversation!
Jerry: Alright, hang on. Let me call Kramer and see if you can hear anything,
hold on. >click click click<...
 
 
% Obviously, it's best to hear this, but through the whole next part G+J get
% into excitable, high-pitch, speed talk. Gotta love it...
 
 
Kramer: Yello?
Jerry: Kramer, there may be a problem with the phone, hold on. >click click<
George: "There may be a problem with the phone, hold on"!
Jerry: Oh no! >click click< Kramer, this phone's a piece of junk, goodbye!
George: "The phone's a piece of junk, goodbye"!
Jerry: Oh no! Now she's heard everything! What are we gonna do?!?
George: Now she thinks we're gay, not that there's anything wrong with it...
Jerry: No, no, of course not! People's personal sexual preferences are
nobody's business but their own!
 
 
% We shift to Sharon's apartment where Elaine is paying a visit...
 
 
Sharon: Why don't you take a seat?
Elaine: Thank-you.
Sharon: Why don't you take your coat off?
 
 
% We shift back to Monk's where E+G+J are having a coffee
 
 
Elaine: So she kept insisting I take off my coat. I refused, and then she
forcibly tried to get me to remove it.
Jerry: She wouldn't take her coat off at my house, either.
George: Y'know there are tribes in Indonesia where if you keep your coat on
in somebody's house, the families go to war!
 
 
% You're not related to the Clavin family, are you George?
 
 
Jerry: So you don't take your coat off, and now everyone at NYU thinks I'm gay.
Not that there's anything wrong with that...
George: Not at all.
 
 
% Jerry tries to "forcibly remove the coat" in pursuit of some satisfaction.
% George springs his birthday gift on Jerry.
 
 
George: Two tickets to "Guys And Dolls"! I'm gonna go with you!
Jerry: "Guys And Dolls"? Isn't that a lavish, Broadway musical?
George: It's "Guys And *Dolls*", not "Guys And *Guys*".
 
 
% Perhaps Elaine's gift oozes with some testosterone...
 
 
Jerry: "The Collected Works Of Bette Midler".
 
 
% Nope. Unfortunately for Jerry, things are about to get worse. Elaine
% notices that there are a couple of guys pointing at Jerry from the other
% side of the cafe. Jerry goes to investigate.
 
 
Jerry: What do you got there?
Man #1: _The New York Post_, they've got an article about you.
Jerry: "Although they maintain separate residences, the comedian and his
long-time *companion* seem to be inseparable..." Oh no! The Associated
Press picked up the NYU story. That's going to be in every paper!
I've been "outed"! I wasn't even "in"!
George: Now everyone's going to think we're gay!
Jerry: Not that there's anything wrong with that...
George: No, not at all...
 
 
[End Act I -- Time 13:54]
 
 
% Back in the apartment, E+G+J read from _The Post_
 
 
Jerry: "Within the confines of his fastidious bachelor *pad*, Seinfeld and
Costanza bicker over the cleanliness of a piece of *fruit* like an old
married couple--" *I told you that pear was washed*!
 
 
% Entrez-vous, Kramer
 
 
Kramer: I thought we were friends...
Jerry: Here we go...
Kramer: I mean, how could you two keep this a secret from me?
Jerry: It's not true!
Kramer: Aaaah! Enough lying! The lying is through! C'mon, Jerry, the
masquerade is over. You're thin, late thirties, single...
Jerry: So are you...
Kramer: Yeah--
 
 
% It's at this point that Kramer, well, "Pulls a Kramer". He does that
% mini-epileptic, losing his balance, "waaaaugh" thing and he retreats to
% his apartment, probably to confront his own sexuality. In Jerry's apartment,
% the phone rings, George answers.
 
 
George: Hello?
Mrs. S: George?
George: Mrs. Seinfeld?!?
Mrs. S: Oh, my God...
Jerry: Oh, my God! [takes the phone] Ma?
Mrs. S: Jerry?
Jerry: Ma!
 
 
% And suddenly, it dawns on Castanza:
 
 
George: Oh, my God! My *MOTHER*!!!
 
 
% Back at Mr. and Mrs. Seinfeld's place, the conversation continues.
 
 
Mrs. S: Jerry?
Jerry: Ma, it's not true!
Mr. S: It's those damn culottes you made him wear when he was five!
Mrs. S: They weren't culottes, they were shorts.
Mr. S: They were culottes! You bought them in the girl's department.
Mrs. S: By mistake! By mistake, Jerry! I'm sorry!
Mr. S: It looked like he was wearing a skirt, for crying out loud!
Jerry: Ma, it has nothing to do with the culottes!
Mrs. S: Not that there's anything wrong with that, Jerry.
 
 
% Back at the Metropolitan Hospital Center, George pays his mother a visit.
% She seems to be in the same bed from episode ... (yes, that includes the
% thin sheet covering that allowed for that infamous silhouette...
 
 
Mrs. C: I open up the paper, and *this* is what I have to read about? I fell
right off the toilet. My back went out again, I couldn't move...
The super had to come and get help me up. I was half naked!
Geroge: It's *not* *true*!
Mrs. C: Every *day* it's something else with you. I don't know anything about
you any more. Who are you? What kind of life are you leading? Who
knows *what* you're doing? Maybe you're making porno films.
George: Yeah. I'm Buck Naked.
Mrs. C: Jerry, I can see. He's so neat and thin. Not that there's anything
wrong with it.
George: Of course not...
 
 
% In comes a hulking male nurse. He parts the screen and announces:
 
 
Nurse: 6:30, Scott. Time for your sponge bath.
 
 
% Ack! It's deja vu all over again! Except instead of a couple of women
% behind the screen (as in the "M" episode), there are two guys. George is
% transfixed. Mrs. C. has to scream to get his attention off of the "show"
% going on beside him. Later, back at Monk's, E+G+J converge yet again.
% Jerry informs G+E that Sharon has left a message on his machine. George
% has other things on his mind.
 
 
George: Alright, now the play is tomorrow night. So do you want to have dinner
first, or do you just want to meet at the theatre?
 
 
% Before Jerry can utter his response, a military guy approaches the table.
 
 
Sailor: Excuse me, sir? I don't mean to bother you. I just wanted you to
know that it took a lot of guts to come out the way you did, and that
you've inspired me to do the same, even though that may mean a
discharge from the service. Thanks.
 
 
% And, just as quickly as he appeared, he leaves before Jerry can respond
% (Colonel Flagg, anyone?) He does have an answer to George's previous
% question, though.
 
 
Jerry: Y'know, I think I'll pass on the "Guys And Dolls"...
 
 
% George throws a "hissy fit" and it told to pipe down by a rather bulky manager
% from the diner and resolves to take Elaine instead. Elaine then queries
% George if Allison has seen the article yet.
 
 
George: No. Just imagine her reaction.
Elaine: Yeah...
George: Oh, my God...
Jerry: What?
George: She hasn't seen the article! When she sees it, she's gonna think--
*I'm out baby*!! I'm out!!!!!
 
 
% So, we flash forward to George dropping off Allison. She is mulling over
% the article that George has given her.
 
 
Allison: Yeah? So?
George: Yeah so??
Allison: Well this is nice. They mention your name.
George: Don't you see what it says here? Don't you understand what that's
implying?
Allison: No, what?
George: I'm gay! I'm a gay man! I'm very, very gay.
Allison: You're *gay*?
George: Extraordinarily gay. Steeped in gayness.
Allison: [matter-of-factly] I don't believe it.
George: You don't believe me? Ask Jerry.
Allison: I will.
George: What do you mean you will? That's a bad idea. Jerry is a very
private person.
Allison: [Grabs George's lapels] I want to hear it from *Jerry*...
 
 
[End act II - Time 19:11]
 
 
% Back at Jerry's apartment, Sharon and Jerry are, well, "making out on the
% couch". Apparently, she's all turned around on the subject.
 
 
Sharon: Oh, can you ever forgive me?
Jerry: I dunno... [they kiss again] *Alright*, I forgive you...
Sharon: Y'know the funny thing is, I was attracted to you immediately.
Jerry: I was attracted to you, too. You remind me of Lois Lane.
 
 
% But before the love birds can get back into things, the door has burst open.
% No, it's not Kramer, although Jerry perhaps wishes it were. Yes, George has
% shown up with Allison to prove he and Jerry's "special relationship".
 
 
George: Jerry! Oh, my God! What are you doing!?!
Jerry: What!?
George: You're with a *woman*!
Jerry: I know! What are you doin' here?!?
George: I leave you alone for two seconds, and this is what you do! I
trusted you!
Jerry: [forcibly removing G. from the apt] Would you get the Hell out of
here!
Sharon: What's going on?
Allison: Yeah, what's going on?
George: Alright, tell her. Go ahead.
Jerry: Tell her what?
George: Y'know. About *us*.
 
 
% George has emphasized his point by reaching up and putting his hand in J's
% hair. Jerry flips out at this point. His arms are flailing about and he's
% well, gone loopy. George embraces Jerry to keep it going, but Jerry's not
% buying any of it. Sharon leaves, much to Jerry's chagrin. Allison asks
% (again) for an explanation.
 
 
George: Alright, I'll tell you the truth. I'm not gay. My name's Buck Naked,
I'm a porno actor.
Allison: *Really*?
 
 
% Allison takes George's arm (not quite the reaction he wanted, I'm sure).
% Kramer walks by the open door to go to his apartment. He is escorted by
% what appears to be a virile young man. Kramer addresses G+J (and Allison)
% before he goes into his apartment.
 
 
Kramer: We'll see you later...
 
 
% G+J look disbelievingly at each other, obviously at a loss for words over
% Kramer's new, er, interest. Kramer notices this and...
 
 
Kramer: He's the *phone* man!
 
 
% G+J see the light and are visibly relieved...
 
 
Kramer: Not that there's anything wrong with that...
 
(Open Jerry's apartment, Jerry is at the table and Elaine is on the phone)
 
Elaine: (to the phone)Well did he bring it up in the meeting?
 
(Jerry picks up a yellow shirt and walks to Elaine)
 
Jerry: Elaine, see this T-shirts, six years I've had this T-shirts, it's my
best one, I call him...Golden Boy
Elaine: I'm on the phone here.
Jerry: Golden Boy is always the first shirt I wear out of the laundry, here
touch Golden Boy!
Elaine: No thanks. (to the phone)Yeah, Yeah I'll hold.
Jerry: But see look at the collar, see it's fraying. Golden Boy is slowly
dying. Each wash is brings him one step closer, that's what makes
the T-shirts such a tragic figure.
Elaine: Why don't you just let Golden Boy soak in the sink with some
Woolight?
Jerry: No!!! The reason he's iron man is because he goes out there and plays
every game. Wash!!! Spin!!! Rinse!!! Spin!!! You take that away
from him, you break his spirit!
 
(Elaine is suddenly excited)
 
Elaine: (to the phone)Yeah. Oh! What? He is! Oh! this is so fantastic! I'm
so excited! Yes I'm excited, OK I'll be in soon! OK, OK, I'm
coming, yeah, yeah I'm coming, I'm coming! (Elaine jumps up and
dances around) Yuri Testikov, the Russian writer!
Jerry: The guy in the gulag!
Elaine: Yeah! Pendant's publishing his new book, and I'm working on it!
Lippman and I are going to the airport to pick him up Thursday in a
limousine!
Jerry: You wanna barrow Golden Boy!
Elaine: Oh! Don't you know what this means, it's like working with Tolstoy!
Jerry: Hey ya know what I read the most unbelievable thing about Tolstoy the
other day, did you know the original title for "War and Peace" was
"War--What Is It Good For?"!
Elaine: Ha ha.
Jerry: No, no.. I'm not kidding Elaine it's true, his mistress didn't like
the title and insisted him change it to "War and Peace"!
Elaine: But it's a line from that song!
Jerry: That's were they got it from!
Elaine: Really?
Jerry: I'm not joking!
 
(George enters with a handful of mail)
 
George: You can't handle the truth!(he salutes)
Jerry: What?
George: I'm working on my Jack Nicholson, You can't handle the truth!(he
solutes)
Elaine: What, is this your mail? (She takes the mail and starts flipping
through)
George: Yeah, I grabbed it on my way, I don't want my mother reading it.
Elaine: Oh! Your Alumni Magazine.
Jerry: Your mother reads your mail?
George: Yeah.
Jerry: What do you mean like post-cards?
George: No, anything.
Jerry: She doesn't open?
George: She'll open!
Jerry: You've caught your mother opening envelopes!
George: Yeah.
Jerry: What did she say?
George: I was curious!
Jerry: Isn't that against the law?
George: Maybe I can get her locked up.
Elaine: (She looks closer at the mag.) Hey Jerry, you're in the Alumni
magazine! Listen to this: Jerry Seinfled has appeared on "David
Letterman" and the "Tonight Show" and he did a pilot for NBC called
"Jerry"...that was not picked up. Georgie, why isn't there anything
about you in here?
Jerry: He can't handle the truth!
Elaine: All right.. this is too fun I gotta get back to work.
 
(Elaine leaves and in the hall she meets up with Kramer, he is holding a set
of golf clubs)
 
Kramer: Ah, maybe you could use this (he searches through his jacket) Ah,
here, ah, it's an electronic organizer, ah, here it is.
 
(Elaine Gasps)
 
Kramer: Yeah you know, for phone numbers, addresses, keep appointments,
everything
Elaine: Wow!
Kramer: It's got an alarm that beeps!
Elaine: Oh! I can't believe this, Kramer! I've been wanting to get one of
these things! Are you sure...(Kramer drops a piece of paper and
bends over to pick it up and drops balls everywhere) Are you sure you
can't use one of these things??
Kramer: Oh no. I got all my appointments up here. (he points to his head)
Elaine: Where'd you get this?
Kramer: The bank, I opened a new account.
 
(Back inside Jerry's apartment)
 
George: Did you see that whale thing on TV last night?
Jerry: No.
George: I'm such a Huge whale fan. These marine biologists were showing how
they communicate with each other with these squeaks and squeals, what
a fish!
Jerry: It's a mammal.
George: Whatever. (George looks to the table) Hey new tape recorder?
Jerry: Yeah, got it from the bank.
 
(Kramer enters without his golf bag)
 
Kramer: (over excited) Hey
George: Hey
Kramer: (still over excited) Who wants to have some fun!
Jerry: I do.
George: I do.
Kramer: (once again, over excited) Are you just sayin' you want to have fun
or do you really want to have fun?!
Jerry: I really wanna have some fun.
George: I'm just sayin' I wanna have some fun.
Kramer: Right now there six-hundred Titleists that I got at the driving
range in the trunk of my car. Why don't we drive out to Rock-a-Way
and hit them-----------(very over excited) into the ocean! Now
picture this....we find a nice sweet spot between the dunes, we take
out our drivers, we tea up and (he makes a golf stroke), that ball
goes sailing up into the sky holds there for a moment and then.......
..... gulp!
George: Come on. Ya wanna go get some lunch?
Jerry: Yeah, let me just stop by the cash machine and I'll meet you at the
coffee shop.
George: Yeah, I'm gonna go get a paper.
 
(Kramer gets ready to make another swing)
 
George: Keep your head down.
 
(At the automatic teller machine Jerry is getting his money and there is a
woman beside him)
 
Jerry: Cash advance...yes (he looks over) no (he looks over again)balance
inquiry...no (he looks again) receipt....no (he looks again)
processing...processing...processing.(He opens the box and gets his
money and then looks at the woman and says)I won!
 
(Jerry starts to walk away)
 
Diane: Jerry?
Jerry: Yeah
Diane: Diane, Diane DeConn, from college. I've seen you on TV you're doin'
great.
Jerry: Yeah pluggin' along.
Diane: I got the Alumni magazine. Ya know what ever happened to your friend
George? I never see him in there.
Jerry: Well he's kind of modest.
Diane: He was always such a goof-off. I mean did he ever get anywhere?
Jerry: Sure.
Diane: Yeah? What field?
Jerry: Marine biology.
Diane: George is a marine biologist?!
Jerry: A pretty damn good one, too!
Diane: I can't believe it I mean I would never had thought..
Jerry: Yeah...he specializing in whales. He's working on lowering the
cholesterol level in whales...all that blubber-- quite unhealthy.
You know its the largest mammal on earth but as George says "they
don't have to be."
 
(In the coffee shop Jerry and George are sitting)
 
George: Diane DeConn? You saw Diane DeConn!
Jerry: Something huh?
George: Yeah! How'd she look.
Jerry: She looked great. She asked about you.
George: She did! What did she say?
Jerry: "How's George?"
George: George! She said George? She remembered my name. Diane DeConn
remembered my name. She was the "it" girl!
Jerry: Yeah she asked for your number, I think she's gonna get in touch with
you.
George: OK, I'm tellin' you right now if your kiddin' around I'm not gonna
be able to be friends with you anymore. I'm serious about that. You
got that.
Jerry: I got no problem with that.
George: Good. Cause if this is a lie, if this is a joke, if this is your
idea of some cute little game...we're finished!
Jerry: Expect a call.
George: Oh my god he's not kidding.
Jerry: Now I should tell you at this point she's under the impression the
you are a.....
George: A what?
Jerry: A marine biologist.
George: A marine biologist....why am I a marine biologist?
Jerry: I may have mentioned it.
George: But I'm not a marine biologist!
Jerry: I'm aware of that.
George: So?
Jerry: You don't think it's a good job.
George: I didn't think it was a job.
Jerry: Oh. It's a fascinating field!
George: What if she calls. What will I say?
 
(In George's parent's house...George is sitting in a chair. He is talking to
Diane on the phone)
 
George: Algae, obviously plankton, I don't know what else I can tell you, Oh
I just got back from a trip to the Galapagos Islands, I was living
with the turtles.
 
(In the limo Elaine, Lippman, and Testikov are talkin')
 
Lippman: We have got you in a very nice hotel, I don't know how you like to
work but I can arrange for an office if you want.
Testikov: I will work in hotel...much better. I will work away from all the
penny bickering and interference.
Lippman: You know Tolstoy use to write in the village square. The faces
inspired him.
Testikov: He didn't need any inspiration....God spoke through his pen.
Elaine: That is so true! Although one wonders if "War and Peace" would has
been as highly acclaimed as it was if it was published under it's
original name "War---What Is It Good For?"
Lippman: What?
Elaine: Yes. Mr. Lippman. It was his mistress who insisted he called it
"War and Peace." "War--What Is It Good For."(sang) Absolutely
nothin'! (spoken to Testikov)that's the song that they got from
Tolstoy.
Lippman: I'm sorry, it's just her sense of humor.
 
(Elaine's organizer starts beeping)
 
Testikov: What is that noise!
Lippman: What is that?
Elaine: It's coming from my purse. It must be my new organizer, here.
Lippman: Elaine...here!
Testikov: Turn it off.
Lippman: It's the top one!
Elaine: I'm trying!
Testikov: HERE!
 
(He throws it out the window of the limo)
 
(On the beach Kramer is getting ready to hit a ball. He swings and misses.
He looks for it in the air and the notes that it is still on the
ground. Then he goes nuts)
 
Jerry: I did it for you.
George: Yeah, but what did you have to tell her that for. You put me in a
very difficult position, Marine Biologist! I'm very uncomfortable
with this whole thing.
Jerry: You know with all do respect I would think it's right up your alley.
George: Well it's not up my alley! It's one thing if I make it up. I know
what I'm doin, I know my alleys! You got me in the Galapagos Islands
livin' with the turtles, I don't know where the hell I am.
Jerry: Well you came in the other day with all that whale stuff, the
squeaking and the squealing.
George: Why couldn't you have made me an architect? You know I always
wanted to pretend that I was an architect. Well I'm supposed to see
her tomorrow, I'm gonna tell her what's goin on. Maybe she likes
me for me.
 
(Kramer bangs into the room with his golf clubs)
 
Kramer: Hey.
Jerry: Hey.
Kramer: Hey ya want these (He throws down the golf clubs) I don't want em!
Jerry: What?
Kramer: I stink! I can't play! The ball is just sitting there, Jerry, and
I can't hit it! I only hit one really good ball that went way out!
Jerry: Well what happened?
Kramer: I have no concentration!
 
(Kramer starts to scratch his body and rip his coat off)
 
Jerry: What, what, what's wrong with you?
Kramer: Sand, I can get rid of the sand. (Looking down his shirt) Look there
is still some in here, it won't go away! Look I even got sand in the
pockets!
 
(He empties his pocket and tons of sand falls out)
 
Jerry: Hey you're getting it all over the floor!
 
(Karma falls over as the phone rings)
 
Jerry: (to the phone)Hello....yeah....yes it is....really....oh. Can you
hold on a second? (to George and Kramer) Hey listen to this, some
woman found an electronic organizer, my name was in it, she wants me
to help track down the owner.
George: How'd she find it?
Jerry: It hit her in the head!
 
(Woman on the phone and Jerry are sitting in the coffee shop)
 
Corinne: So I am walkin' along, minding my own business when all off the
sudden this thing come flying out off no were and cunks me right on
the head.
Jerry: Ya.
Corinne: Yeah, So they took me to the hospital and they put me in this thing
that fells like a coffin for forty-five minutes. Have you ever been
in one of those things? You could go berserk in there!
Jerry: Well you have insurance...
Corinne: I wish!
Jerry: Unbelievable!
Corinne: Yeah.
 
(Organizer beeps)
 
Jerry: What is with this thing.
Corinne: I don't know, it never shuts up. So anyway, you can see why I
would be interested in finding this person.
Jerry: Absolutely. You should not have to pay for that.
 
(Organizer beeps again)
 
Corinne: (shouting at the top of her lungs)Stop it! Stop it!
Jerry: Let me have a look at this thing.
Corinne: Yeah know somebody told me they thought they saw it coming out of
a limousine.
Jerry: Typical rich people, using the world for their personal garbage can.
Corinne: Boy am I lucky your name came up. I just pushed a button.
Jerry: I would like to know what my name is doin in this creep's organizer
to begin with.
Corinne: Ya.
Jerry: Who do I even know that would have been in a limousine yesterday
anyway. OHHHH!
 
(In the hallway Elaine knocks on Kramer's door, he answers)
 
Kramer: Oh, hey.
Elaine: Hey, "great" organizer that you gave me.
 
(Kramer is still itching cause the sand)
 
Kramer: Oh, you like it huh.
Elaine: It wouldn't stop beeping in the car so Testikov through it out the
window.
Kramer: Oh.
Elaine: I transferred everything in there. I threw out my old book. I'm
lost now, Kramer.
 
(He goes crazy again)
 
Elaine: What, what is it?
Kramer: The sand, it's everywhere!
Elaine: OK I'll see you later.
 
(Kramer closes the door and Jerry walks up to his door)
 
Jerry: Oh, there you are!
Elaine: There you are!
Jerry: So?
Elaine: So?
Jerry: So what do you have to say for yourself?
Elaine: So what do you have to say for yourself?
 
(Jerry unlocks the door and they both walk in and close the door)
 
Jerry: Why should I have anything for say for myself?
Elaine: "War-- What is it go for?"!
Jerry: Ha Ha, who told you?
Elaine: Ha ha ha. Yuri Testikov, the Russian writer!
Jerry: You told Testikov that Tolstoy wanted to name his book "War-- What
Is IT Good For?"?
Elaine: Ya know what happened?
Jerry: Can I take a guess?
Elaine: Please.
Jerry: Oh I don't know, he threw your organizer out the window?
 
(Elaine pushes Jerry)
 
Elaine: What, how did you know that?
Jerry: Because I know who has it.
Elaine: What, how did you find it?
Jerry: Because the woman who got hit in the head with it found my name in
it, called me up, and we met!
Elaine: Well where is it, give it to me!
Jerry: I don't have it!
Elaine: Why not.
Jerry: Because she's not returning it until she gets the money back for the
hospital bill.
Elaine: But I didn't do Testikov did it, he should have to pay for it!
Jerry: How much is Testikov getting from Pendman for this book?
Elaine: One million.
Jerry: Well that's a start.
 
(George and Diane are walking on the beach)
 
George: Then of course with evolution the octopus lost the nostrils and took
on the more familiar look that we know today. But if you look
really closely you can still see a bump where the nose use to be.
Diane: Really?
George: Yeah, but enough about fish I can talk about other things like...
architecture...
 
(At the hotel that Testikov is staying at)
 
Jerry: You know what room Testikov's in?
Elaine: Ya, 308. I'm crazy for doing this!
Jerry: Well, you want to get your organizer back don't you?
Elaine: Why are you so interested, you want to take her out?
Jerry: You know when Super Man saves someone no one asks if he's trying to
hit on her!
Elaine: Well you're not Super Man.
Jerry: Well you're not Louis Lane.
Elaine: Oh. Listen, you have the tape-recorder.
Jerry: Ya, are you sure you want to do this.
Elaine: Ya I got to get Testikov on tape. If this woman ends up in the
"New England Journal Of Medicine" I'm not going to pay for it.
Jerry: Ah, here she comes.
 
(Corinne enters through the hotel door)
 
Jerry: Hi, Elaine, this is Corinne.
Elaine: Hi, you got the organizer?
 
(The organizer starts to beep as Corinne opens her coat to show the organizer in her inside coat pocket)
 
Jerry: All right lets go. We'll meet you back here in ten minutes hopefully
with the money.
 
(At the beach George and Diane are still walking)
 
Diane: Your parents must be so proud of you, George.
George: Oh, they're busting!
 
(there is a large crowd of men and women)
 
Diane: What are those people doing over there?
 
(In Testikov's hotel room there is a knock and he goes to answer it. He
opens it up and it is Jerry and Elaine)
 
Testikov: (In a loud and cranky voice) What, What is it! Oh! Come in. That
is if you can spare a minute from your busy schedule! And you bring
guest for my entertainment?
Elaine: Um, yes this is my friend Jerry. He accompanied me, ya know, single
woman alone in a big city could be dangerous.
Jerry: Yes. That's why I where these sneakers, in case of any trouble and
zip, I'm gone.
Testikov: Yeah, Yeah. The sneakers. The Americans and their sneakers.
Always running from something. Well, sit stop running, two minutes
and I'll give you the latest manuscript!
 
(They both sit down and Jerry picks out a very large book from the coffee
table)
 
Jerry: Oh! Ramscy<?>, great great book if I my say so sir. I almost read the
whole thing.
 
(Corinne is standing in the hotel lobby smoking while the organizer is still
beeping)
 
Corinne: What!
Hotel Clerk: If you can't thing off I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Corinne: I'm waitin for two people!
Hotel Clerk: Well you can wait for them outside.
Corinne: Yeah I guess I'd better. Wouldn't want to take any attention away
from the hookers!
Hotel Clerk: All right, All right. Out, Out.
Corinne: What ever you say Cro..w-well!
 
(On the beach George and Diane are standing with the crowd)
 
Diane: What's going on over here?
Woman at beach: There is a beached whale, she's dying.
Voice: Is anyone here a marine biologist?
 
(In Testikov's room)
 
Testikov: Here is the latest draft. I see you next week. Same time, same
place. On time please.
Jerry: It was nice meeting you, real pleasure!
Elaine: Oh, by the way Mr. Testikov do you remember the other day when we
were in the limo and my organizer started beeping and you threw it
out the window?
Testikov: How could I forget?
Elaine: Well would you believe that it hit actually somebody in the head.
Jerry: Right in the head!
Elaine: Boing!
 
(The tape-recorder in Elaine's purse starts to squeak)
 
Testikov: (Shouting)What is that noise!
Elaine: Um ,nothing.
Testikov: What is the noise!
 
(He grabs the purse)
Elaine: Hey that's my purse!
(He pulls out the recorder)
 
Testikov: A recorder!
Elaine: No that's a radio..
Testikov: You were spying on me!
Elaine: No I wasn't.
 
(He throws the recorder out of the hotel window)
 
(Corinne is standing outside of the hotel and looks up to see the
tape-recorder falling to hit her in the head)
 
(Kramer is standing at his window knocking his boot on the windowsill trying
to get the sand out but he drops it)
 
(Newman is walking down the street whistling but he stops and looks up and he
yells as the boat hits him in the head)
 
(At the beach everyone is yelling at George)
 
Crowd: Come on! Save the whale! Hurry up it's gonna die!
Diane: Save the whale George... for me.
 
(He turns and throws his hat down. He walks into the ocean)
 
(At the coffee shop Jerry and Kramer are awaiting the story)
 
George: So I started to walk into the water. I won't lie to you boys, I
was terrified! But I pressed on and as I made my way passed the
breakers a strange calm came over me. I don't know if it was divine
intervention or the kinship of all living things but I tell you Jerry
at that moment I was a marine biologist!
 
(Elaine enters and sits down)
 
Elaine: George I was just reading this thing in the papers, it's amazing!
George: I know I was just telling them the story.
Kramer: Come on George, finish the story.
George: The sea was angry that day my friends, like an old man trying to
return soup at a deli!
 
(Jerry gives Kramer a "what the h-" glance)
 
George: I got about fifty-feet out and then suddenly the great beast
appeared before me. I tell ya he was ten stories high if he was a
foot. As if sensing my presence he gave out a big bellow. I said,
"Easy big fella!" And then as I watched him struggling I realized
something was obstructing his breathing. From where I was standing
I could see directly into the eye of the great fish!
Jerry: Mammal.
George: Whatever.
Kramer: Well, what did you do next?
George: Then from out of nowhere a huge title wave lifted, tossed like a cork and I found myself on top of him face to face with the blow-hole. I could barely see from all of the waves crashing down on top of me but I knew something was there so I reached my hand and pulled out the obstruction!
 
(George pulls out of the inside pocket a golf ball)
 
(Jerry and George just stare at Kramer)
 
Kramer: What is that a Titleist? A hole in one eh.
Jerry: Well the crowd most have gone wild!
George: Oh yes they did Jerry they were all over me. It was like Rocky 1.
Diane came up to me, threw her arms around me, and kissed me. We
both had tears streaming down our faces. I never saw anyone so
beautiful. It was at that moment I decided to tell her I was not a
marine biologist!
Jerry: Wow! What'd she say?
George: She told me to "Go to hell!" and I took the bus home.
Jerry: All right lets go.
Elaine: Are you in a bad mood?
Jerry: No, I just got my laundry back.
Elaine: Ohhh! GoldenBoy?
Jerry: He didn't make it.
Elaine: I'm sorry.
Jerry: This is GoldenBoy's son, BabyBlue.
Kramer: What's with you?
George: Sand. It's everywhere
(End)

